Brb, off to Belfast.  Bring us back a 99. Good luck! lost my job yesterday. so i have the rest of the week off Unlucky, heat of the moment type situation or did you through a notice period? got a phone call 27mins before my shift telling me i was off the rota. not makign money so cutting my wages seemed like a good way to save some money. sadly they cut all of them.  Sorry to hear that mate. What kind of work do you do? was working in a kitchen (basically a kp that can cook) also done a fuck ton of bar work Where bouts? There's lots of kitchens desperate for cooks right now.  Sorry to hear that. Make sure to get out of the house plenty.  i went out for a cycle and. it's like 50degC outside. nearly fucking died. last time i listen to reddit
plus side cycled  6 miles (i know it's not far) and not actually dead That's one way to look at the upside!

Go for a walk, visit the library, read a new book and work out a plan for looking for a new job.  (Unless you don't need one, then enjoy!) I've been scraping and looking at Steamie metadata. So far I've compiled the busiest times (by date and by day of the week), most frequent posters, and a word cloud. Anyone got anything else they'd like to know? Most downvoted users. Could you share the code you've used for the metadata scraping stuff? I run bots in a couple of other subs and it might be interesting for them too. A word cloud dedicated to swear words. Spoiler alert; that's pretty much just the result of the word cloud. Don't leave us hanging!  Thought I might wait for SteamieBot's half birthday on the 14th- also to see if there's anything else anyone wanted to see!  Holy shit is this only been going on for 6 months? Feels like it's been going in for ages. I'm only counting the bot-posted Steamies as they're the easiest to automatically scrape- /u/veloglasgow and others were posting the thread by hand for at least a month or so before that. Fucking bots. Coming in here and stealing our jobs.  At least you don't have to do anything very taxing when you wake up. Now you wake up, and can open up Reddit knowing that SteamieBot has lovingly hand crafted a new thread for our enjoyment.

*^I ^am ^not ^a ^bot ^^bleep ^^bloop* Create a six month "data is beautiful" style post presenting the best, and the worst, of this nonsense... Would be a nice wee project. Oh man, "worst" reminds me, I hadn't even measured upvotes and downvotes. Not sure if Reddit even allows me to, but I'm looking into that right now! You checked snoopsnoo for SteamieBot account? Might have most of what you're doing manually. Over 45k words written by the Bot apparently. I won't link to it incase it spoils your plans!  I haven't, but implementing this stuff myself is good practice for me! Yes. Will there ever be a born who can swim faster than a shark? Yes, but only if we start raising babies in the water NOW. It's like the old saying goes, the best time to start eugenically breeding aquamen is 25 years ago; the next best time is right now. Wasnt it Abraham Lincoln who first said that? Pub quiz ammo for someone. Albert Twain I think. Mark Einstein was that guy who wrote books about an American boy from Mississippi who discovers sciencey things right? Started planning my wedding, its going to be Vegas purely as it means I can then ditch the mental extended family and do exactly what we want to do. Will still probably have the mental MIL though but here's hoping she takes a huff and fucks off as its a Vegas wedding. 

Gives us the opportunity to trek all along the US west coast and explore using Vegas as the spring board. Still got to book like flights for fecking comic con in New York in October though.  Completely envious - I'd love a Vegas wedding! Are you going to do the stereotypical Elvis wedding, or something a bit more traditional?     You will also save a lot of money as well. The smaller the wedding party the more money that is saved even if it's a long way to travel.

All the best for it. I take it the ceremony will be conducted by an Elvis impersonator? That's the way I look at it. For about Â£800 I get the ceremony in a flower garden with a video, photography and flowers all in a place where I can actually count on the weather. My extended family are all miserable bastards anyway who there would be no pleasing.   I wish I had just ran away and got married. Then again after all the stress and hassle it was a brilliant day and everyone enjoyed it. I'm 20 years old today. I hate birthdays. Jeez I feel ancient. Happy Birthday! GTFO I am pushing 30 at this point and 20 seems a long, long time ago already.

P.S Happy Birthday.  birthdays are basicly days but if you make a deal of it you cen get 1- days off work for them.  Happy birthday! celebrate with TACOS! I was going to celebrate by eating my weight in chicken nuggets, but tacos is a plan. :') Happy birthday kiddo! Enjoy it while you can. In about 10 years it really starts getting shit... I can't wait! Happy birthday, young sproglet. Happy Birthday. I wish I was 20 again! Nice to see yesterday's lightning showers didn't really materialise! They did further out west, didn't see lighting but the big man definitely took the bins oot I was actually a wee bit disappointed at that. I love a good lightning storm.  Back at work after almost a week off. First thing I do? Login to Reddit. I'm always the same. Gotta catch up on my internet when I get back to work as I don't go on often outside work. Off to France for the Euro's tomorrow! Buzzing for some sunshine and cheap lager. Not so buzzing for the 11 hour megabus from Paris to Marseille I'm doing overnight Nice. You got match tickets or are you just going along for the atmosphere? I've got a ticket to the England V Russia game, sadly had to sell my spare as my mate can't come anymore. First time abroad on my own which is a tiny bit scary Can't say I've ever done it myself, so I don't have any useful advice, except... Have a good one! Slough Feg tonight \m/ ðŸ—ðŸ¶ðŸ—ðŸ¶ðŸ— currently sitting on the Caledonian Sleeper on my way to London for business shit. I must say the name is rather misleading as I've had no sleep at all! Never tried one as they were always a bit on the pricy side for personal use when compared to a cheap train or sleasyjet flight.

Why did you get no sleep, not comfy? Dodgy bunk mate? Â£135 return to London, booked on Friday. Pretty decent price.

Didn't get a bunk, just reserved two seats, one for me and one for the person I'm travelling with. It's cool though, I'm coming back up this afternoon. Can't say I'm surprised you didn't get any sleep if you don't even have a bunk! Me neither to be honest. I'm coming home just now anyway, so it's no big deals Tune of the day worth it just for
"I felt on the big fat fanny. Pulled out the jammy, and killed the punanny"
Have a good day y'all and let's make us some muthafunkin history! [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bueFTrwHFEs) Great tune of the day right there. Was supposed to be on the 7.48 to Edinburgh. Woke up at 7.38. Managed to get the 8.16 by a bawhair and all the heaters are on. Angry tweet fired off to Scotrail who told me to alert the train crew that it's too hot and open the windows. Surely they're all feeling like they're in a sauna too?! First buses are also terrible for this, especially on the buses with no windows!  Pretty sure thats a Van you got in, Not a bus. Haha gawd!! I meant windows that don't open. Anno its a bit of a cliche just now, but bought my GF a record player (turntable) for her birthday, was wondering if any of you guys have one and what you are currently using to sit it on as we are looking to get a nice stand.  Was looking at the 2X2 Kallex from Ikea, any other suggestions that aren't on the pricey side? Kallax stuff is basically the answer because records fit perfect in the shelves.  I would Ideally like just one half of the Kallax due to space restrictions. I'm sure they do a version with just two spaces, I could be wrong though! What about 2 storage crates or cubes stacked? Argos also do single width storage units (phoenix)  I have a record player, I just keep it on a small fold up table from Argos which was Â£15 and keep the speakers on the flood either side of my TV in the living room. Ideally its best to put the whole set up on a desk / coffee table style thing though if you have space 3 and a half hours into a 12 hour shift, not even a sniff of a customer yet, have to resort to reddit with my terrible phone signal... Job hunting is so incredibly mind numbing and disheartening... Back in Jersey today after the weekend up.the road, the weathers better in Glasgow!!! Looks like someone got hit by a train on the Cathcart Circle. Trains are fucked. Just went past Crosshill and there were 4 police vehicles and an ambulance with a stretcher.  Yeah, there's an announcement in the station that someone got hit by a train there. Buses are accepting train tickets, and concert goers are being told to get the Kings Park train (Neilston) and walk from there. 

I jumped the bus (4 and 4A both stop in battlefield...I hope anyway).  Maybe you're on the bus I saw it all from!  My bus just went passed, ambulance and a metric fuck tonne of police are still there.  Slowly getting to know Glasgow again! Had a drink tonight after work in The Finnieston, fucking hell I thought I'd caught the train back to Edinburgh. Nice place but pretty hipster. Is that such a bad thing? I know what crowd I'd prefer No! I just didn't expect to be greeted at the door by an unreasonably good looking dude in braces and mustache just after I'd been moseying in the off-license for some back-of-a-Lorry whisky. Just had a second round interview for a job I want. Completely bombed it. Fuck. As someone who has done that twice in recent time, I empathise.  Don't wallow, learn from it and push on for the next one.  (Easier said than done!) It just sucks because there are so few jobs in Glasgow at my level of experience, so who even knows when the next interview will be :( That's not so good, my roles were out with Glasgow so doubly felt like missed opportunities :( Yep :( I am considering starting to look for work in Edinburgh instead and commute every day. The dark side!  Things can't be that bad surely? There's just very few jobs at my level and salary here in Glasgow. They're all in Edinburgh :( I mean, I'm just be a PA, nothing special, but my CV is a beautiful piece of art. Well, if Edinburgh is what it takes for a better role then so be it!  Commute would be doable during summer but very bleak come winter, so would require a large deal of consideration. (Not to mention the cost! Would you be earning enough more to pay for commute and the loss of quality of life with the extra hours lost each week travelling.) I'd be earning >Â£5k more in Edinburgh than what's being currently offered in Glasgow, so yeah, worth it I think. It's about 90 minutes door to door (I work from EDB twice a week in my current role) so that's not too shabby. Depending on the pay rise, might be worth just moving over there. Flats are a little pricier but it's probably cheaper than commuting. 3 hours a day is a lot of 'life' to give up I think.

After you pay for train and extra costs for being out the house longer every day then that 5k is going to be gone pretty quick! I'm sure you didn't do as badly as you think you did!  Interviews are always a great learning experience. Trust me, I did badly. I am usually a pro at these things, and typically if I make it to interview I always get the job. However, this time - crash and burn :( Doubt you bombed it. I work in shipbuilding at my interview I called the propeller "the screwie thing" still got the job. I just couldn't focus properly. And his belly was poking out of his shirt. Blargh. Calling something a "screwie thing" would have at least got a laugh :( His own unique take on adding a splash of colour? :) Hahaha! More of a Statement Piece ;) You might not have wanted to work in an environment where you're interviewed by a man with an awfully Ill-fitting shirt. Neil Young was superb last night. Cutla tunes he didn't play that I would have liked to have seen but such is life.  yeah, great gig, was hoping for "Hey, Hey, My, My" but was still a brilliant gig Starting my new job today... bricking it a bit after a few years in the old place. Anxiety dreams all night etc etc. Good luck, I am sure it'll be a smooth transition and a great first day ;) Thanks! :) had a night full of anxiety-based dreams where I forgot everything about my work but I'm pretty sure that won't actually happen (unless the sun fried my brain) It's always the way :( Discovered we have two wasp nests in an old garden shed that we don't use. 

Fuck you wasps, especially you queen wasps. Get a can of *fills all gaps* and spray that into the wasps nests. Better yet, get someone else to do it. Yeah got a guy to come out and remove them. Then we just need to find a guy to remove the shed. Kill the shed with fire and solve your shed and wasp problem in one go. I don't think wasps have reddit mate, you might be better telling them in person. I don't want them find out. They might sting me, please don't tell any wasps that I insulted them and their queen. Think it's the Rangers fans you need to watch out for when insulting the Queen You're fucking dead mate, you hear me? Dead. 

All me and my drones are heading up your gaff the night.The nerve of you insulting me and my crew. Oh shit! Morning all! Household are all shattered this morning - some kind of controlled explosion at around 2am woke everyone up... Anyone else hear this? Where about do you live? Bearsden  I'm in Anniesland and heard a large explosion at about 23:15. Girlfriend was asleep in the bedroom, but woke up with a "what the fuck was that?". Dog was totally unimpressed and came in and sheepishly sat in the corner for a while - poor little bugger. They found an unexploded anti aircraft device in Kelvingrove park yesterday and took it away to have it blown up in a controlled explosion. That's probably what it was. Just don't get how that sort of thing happens. Surely someone would have stumbled across it between now and the seventy odd years it must have been there, even if it was in bushes or partially buried.  It may have been buried well underground and the gradual soil motion over the decades brought it up towards the surface. The Belgians and the French call it the "[Iron Harvest](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron_harvest)". Got my job extended for another 3 days before I go on holiday so I'm still here to kill time in the office till Wednesday! Went Kayaking from Luss on Loch Lomond yesterday, was sick. Highly reccomend anyone who can get to Luss on a nice day does it, only Â£15 for 2 hours as well Took Thursday & Friday off, had an ill advised scan through my calender their, not got any days off for just over two months now. Need to do a power of working from home to keep my sanity in check. I worked from home Wednesday to Friday last week. Absolutely glorious weather for it. Makes such a difference, being in the office 5 days feels a bit too Groundhog day for me. It's the commute that does it for me. I work in Edinburgh now and I can't handle it more than 3 days a week. Work seems to be descending into the ninth circle of hell. Can't wait until the end of June and the ones responsible are away.   What's your job? Nice try boss man.  You're fired! You can't fire me, I quit! You're hired! There's a team leader at work who's got it out for me, and I've no idea what her problem is. She just seems to have decided I'm a shit and is taking every opportunity to shittalk about me to the boss.

The fact that my boss chose to be discreet rather than formal in taking me to task over my alleged transgressions makes me think she has some idea of what this girl's deal is. I just wish I knew what I'd done to warrant the shite she's dishing out. The fact your boss approached you like that is a good sign. Just don't give the team leader any legit reason to talk shite about you. I'm sure your co-workers would be able to back you up as well. That's what I'm trying for. Mostly I work different shifts and we only overlap one day a week, I get on well with all of the other TLs as well.

Ideally I'd like to get on with her, things are so much nicer when people can be pleasant to each other, but I'll settle for a quiet life either way. Just in case you need it. keep a record of all conversation with her with date and time too. And keep a copy of any e-mail. Sound advice, thanks :) Hopefully you won't need it but just in case.... Glad to be back in Scotland! Weather was Meh down south and everywhere is flat. Got to the border when it hit me.

Welcome to Scotland  
Where the air is so fresh  
It smells like a hooker  
Just shit on your chest Last night I dreamt I was back home in Sydney. Woke up feeling homesick until I remembered the bullshit 40C summers.     
So glad I moved to Scotland. blimey, an Aussie who has moved to somewhere in the UK that isn't London! Amazed how many Australian accents I hear when I go visit my family back down in Tower Hamlets nowadays.  When I stayed in Shepherds Bush every second person was aussie. That's where I lived when I first moved to London :/ Home to the best football team in the capital though :P U Rssss aye West London used to be full of Aussies but these days they all seem to be moving East. These days Tower Hamlets and Newham you'll find anyone but Cockneys (most of us have moved to Essex now) I spent about 11 months in London, but it wasn't cold/wet enough :) Good call tbh, whenever I meet people who've moved to London I always question why? Its so expensive and shite nowadays (hence why I live here now aha) London't a great place to visit, but a better place to leave. aw another tower hamlets expat, nice to meet ya!  There's more than one cockney in this city? Rad, I'm from Mile End, what about you? Isle of Dogs haha ah rad! Used to do my shopping at the big Asda near where the London Arena used to be, only time I ever went to the Isle of Dogs tbh yeah, that was our local! also gutted when London arena was torn down, the flats there now look terrible  I've not been since they moved it down, my family moved away to Essex when I was 13. Like most Cockneys seemingly, Romford and Southend feel more Cockney than Mile End these days, mainly yuppies who spend every Saturday night in Shoreditch  yeah we moved back in 2003, neighbourhood has changed a lot since.  Day 2 at Alton Towers! Yas! Pretty burnt with the sun though!  Well jealous, Nemesis and Air are beast. Neil Young the night for this bear. Swatch up the west end before hand, cutla jars and hopefully some Grade A sunburn, looking forward to it. The needle and the damage done. Top song. Let us know. Things I have learned about wallpapering this weekend: 

It's actually very fucking difficult.

I hate it.

I'm shit at it.

Very nearly had a breakdown when I ran into the corner that has the PIR detector at the top,a rad pipe at the bottom and a puddle of my tears on the floor beneath.

Still, the wallpaper itself is gorgeous.

 What's the WP like? I am sure it'll be absolutely beautiful and worth the effort! http://imgur.com/YOykijx

You can see the bumps, haha. I'll be ironing them out! Well done; I always get someone in to do it for me. I'm also not standing on the top step of my step ladder to reach the top of my tenement walls. There are places where it's really ragged, think I'm going to hide it under some edging. I can only imagine high walls are even more arse than our 2.5m ones, think I'd probably get someone in too! Tall walls, small doll! Oh, that is pretty! I may not be a fan of butterflies, but that is just lovely! Would love to see how it plays our with the rest of the room! It's in the downstairs hall, I'm hoping to have it finished by tonight. I'm on DIY beer number two so expect the last drops to be even better than the first! I look forward to seeing the end result!! Putting up wallpaper is easy compared to getting the fucking stuff off without destroying the original plaster surface.  Fucking got outed at the pub last night...... Fuck.......  Outed as what exactly? A redditor. As a hotel. Pubs don't take kindly to his sort.  Haha especially places like The Bell Grove... honkin This feels like one of those shite Facebook posts. 

You OK hun? Xx

PM me. Last full day in Bruges today. Wonderful place  Well I'm sitting I. Rouken Glen, surrounded by the devil spawn of everyone in the Mearns/Giffnock and Thornliebank area. 
It's bloody hot. 


And I love it.  To all those indulging in a Sunday Sesh, don't forget to Water Up before bed!    
       
      

On an entirely different note, turns out there is a HUGE difference between the Scottish and the Australian meaning of "firing into". Awkward. I forgot to Water Up last night (after not even intending to stay out as late as I did) and lost pretty much the entire morning until I felt well enough to eat some breakfast.

I'm too old for this shite. Just Water Up, and age will be something you consider rather than something you are. You can do it! You can Water Up and feel amazing!! I've got two hen-dos coming up so will definitely have to remember next time! I think I'll set an alert on my phone if I have to. Definitely! I always remember by way of shower - I can't sleep without showering first, so will always Water Up after a night out whilst showering, and take my time about it  :) I didn't water up on Friday. There's a valuable lesson there after doing tequila shots! My entire Saturday was gubbed. I can only promise to try harder to follow your advice I will be sending you a reminder in -11 minutes as promised.      
Friday night was bullshit. Let's never discuss Friday night again. I still feel sorry for the straight guy hitting on me, whom I was SO SURE was gay.  I mean, he was wearing shorts and boat shoes... :/ [deleted] [deleted] [deleted] That's really got to you eh!?  Well, not really... But it was a fresh understanding at the time of this post and my reply to your previous comment! I feel rather embarrassed, really :( What's the Aussie meaning? It means paying out, or ripping into.     
"I spilled my coffee, and he completely started firing into me." Ha! Ok, I can see the humourous misunderstanding from here! I was meant to be going on holiday for two weeks tomorrow with the mrs but am now starting a new job (statement piece worked). 

Can't decide whether or not I'm raging or not, it's a very strange feeling. Congrats on the new job. You can always book another holiday easily, jobs are more difficult to come by IMO. Thanks! Yeah you're absolutely right. It was worse because she arranged it all and was so excited about it, then I had to turn round and say I couldn't go. 

Does mean she gets spoiled when I finish the contract in a few months and I've actually got more than Â£40 in the bank...

 Big fucking tune of the day. Amazing choice. To think he got booed off stage as well. I should really go to bed!  I've been up for nearly an hour. Off to bed with you. Been stuck near Newcastle all weekend. Home tonight! What the hell is this samba parade on argyle St? Sounds better than an orange march but I'm still pissed at them for waking me up. Anybody know when the Orange walkers will have cleared out of Finnieston/Kelvinhaugh?  Pricks are choking my street so they are. They woke me up last year practicing in the field behind the house. I suddenly understood the sensation of wanting to throw rocks at them, though perhaps for different reasons than those of the traditional rock-throwers. Edinburgh today for the fathers 60th...that fucking accent!!! That fucking accent eh!!!! It's like locking the stable door after the horse has bolted eh? Is it that bad, aye? It's nice, so we're going to go camping up north this weekend. Looking forward to warm beers out of a can on a shitty wee fold out chair. No, really, I am! Stick them in a bag and sit them in water if you're close to any, should keep them pretty chilled. Just make sure they don't fucking float away lol  Took a stroll through the town yesterday as I'd been away for a while and wanted to reacquaint myself with the place.

Tell you what, some of the sunburn on show was ridiculous. I saw shades of pink I never knew existed in nature.  They don't, only in Glasgow.  See the shade of pink on the "People Make Glasgow" posters, that shade of sunburnt-pink only exists in Glasgow. It's my dog's birthday today! Woo! Aww!  Happy Birthday to your dog!  Did you get them a present? Yeah! Gourmet chicken sausages, gourmet liver sausages and Scottish roast beef! All dried stuff he can munch on! Need photo! Here he is, enjoying the sunshine!
https://imgur.com/7UHcX7R what breed is this? fucking adorable! Lol thanks! He's a working Lakeland Terrier. Along the same breed as a patterdale. Thank you, he looks smashing. I love him but he can be a shit at times!!  You'd be worried if he wasn't occasionally being a shit though :) I've accepted it now!! Just moved back to Glasgow yesterday after 7 years in Edinburgh... feels nice to be able to just cut about and not care about tourists. Don't think I could have survived living through another Fringe. Green Velvet tonight! That will be badass. Enjoy  mountain bike world cup in fortwilliam this weekend... yass Am pished So I'm attending a swing dance festival this weekend in Glasgow, so nice to dance with folk from other scenes.

I'm fucking dead after last night so I dread to think what it'd be like on Monday.

Me and my pals went to Steak and Cherry around 2am and I don't know if last night was particularly bad or if I've been more drunk but last night walking along Sauchiehall Street was like walking through a spew minefield. Folk from other scenes? Explain away please!  So by scenes I mean people who have come from different cities but dance the same dance as I do.  Think of it as a way of saying the swing dance community.   Sunny day, people would have been out all afternoon and all night. Throw in a bit of dehydration and sun stroke and you've (probably) got a higher rate of spewage.  Back to the motherland today after 6 weeks in Jersey, prepare yourself mother fuckers its happening!!! 
Also, no eligible links??? Poor show lads Been sanding the decking all day, finally ready for painting.... but that ain't happening tonight as just cracked the cheap cider Fucking still suffering for this hangover I don't know what happened been in much worse states and never been this bad. Getting older! This is a reality I refuse to accept. Lol sorry! Twin Atlantic are playing King Tut's tonight. I saw the link about 3 minutes after it was posted lasted night - didn't get near a ticket. 

https://twitter.com/kingtuts/status/738460410471317504
 Indeed I found out too late to get close to tickets, crowd was massively different the last time I saw them at the Barras, Radio 1 playlist = lots of little girls.

They are always good live though. Gutted. I'm still planning on getting Fratelli's tickets. They sold out ages ago. But I'll be at that gig no matter what...  I remember seeing them live in 2010 at the Academy. Some bright spark had booked them as the middle band before Limp Bizkit and after Psyko Dalek. The crowd were not amused.

Then the singer of Twin Atlantic decided to tell the crowd they could shut up because "I'm louder than you and I have the mic". Naturally that went well. I made it! 

Arrived at about 4pm yesterday. What a stunning cycle it was. My legs now hate me however.  Glad to hear you've arrived! Thanks!  Where did you go? Cycled Glasgow to Aberdeen over Wednesday and Thursday where did you stay overnight? I camped on the edge of some woods just south of the Spittal of Glenshee in the Cairngorms. Was a lovely wee spot. 

Seen about 6 deer wandering about while I was pitching the tent. Then when I was starting to sleep there was some nutter of an angry sheep ramming into some fence before walking away angrily baaaaaing and then coming back and doing it again.  sounds like it took offence ........ Sorry Oh boy First week in the new house, absolutely loving it!!  Battlefield is quality and had the weather for it since moving in...been soaking up Queens park most nights.  Cannae remember what rain looks like... Welcome to the ends, been feeling that the southside has had a great atmosphere the past few days. Keep forgetting im in Glasgow! Date No.3 happened. Statement pieces were worn. A quick overview for you all:   
Date: Wow! Paisley isn't that bad! It's so pretty! What a lovely view! What a lovely area! Look at the architecture! Look at the history! Look at the.... Junkies in the graveyard... With their kit off? Are they... Are they *urinating* against that wall?! Hang on... Did those kids just boast about shop lifting in front of those cops??!? Oh my god, what is *that* in the water?!  WHAT IS THIS PLACE?     
Me: Welcome to Paisley. A lot of unfortunate comments in here given the pish that's been spouted in that James McClune Smith post.... Ha! I interviewed with an agency in Paisley recent. I told the lady that Paisley looked a lot better than I was told and thought. I didn't get the job mind you. I like to think she didn't trust my judgement after saying thatðŸ˜ƒ

You date in such strange locations though. Do you choose a random location on Google maps? One lives in Edinburgh, the other in Paisley so it's not that strange. Other than the east coast / west coast Romeo and Juliet forbidden love thing.

I do like the idea of just giving out coordinates for a date, might try it. It's like a treasure hunt and meeting me is the prize! Works especially well as it gets then used to disappointment early on I'm from Sydney, so the forbidden love thing doesn't apply :P Nah, you're one of us now! Well, I did just spend 20 minutes complaining about the heat with the other office ladies, so.... I have no idea about your work environment, but I immediately though of these ladies:

http://i.imgur.com/xeftYwI.jpg Give or take a moustache, that's pretty accurate. I live in Paisley... Oh right. Sorry about that. I'm sorry about it too :( My Aunt and Uncle live near the Glennifer Braes so for years I thought people were being overly harsh on Paisley.  

I've now seen the other main parts of it and whilst some of it is a bit hairy the place seems to have been on the up in the past few years.   The part I live in is actually very pretty/safe/junkie free, thankfully, so it would be easy for anyone visiting me to develop a misconception about the area also. And although you can put lipstick on a dog, it won't kill the fleas. > And although you can put lipstick on a dog, it won't kill the fleas.

That's a new one to me. The one I know is:

*You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.* Both of those are new to me. 
The one I know is:

You can put a tuxedo on a goat. But...it's still a goat.  Ah, but it's a very well dressed goat! Add a statement piece and you have a winner!  And don't forget a pop of colour ;) In case you hadn't clicked... All the guys on here that have taken to talking about statement pieces and pops of colour are clearly firing into you.  Um, I have just been informed there is a cultural difference between the Scottish and the Australian meanings behind "Firing into". So, uh, oops. Soz. That actually is new information and I didn't realise that at all. I may or may not have just made it up.... You probably just gave someone the idea of putting flea treatment in lipstick so when women kiss their dog's with that liptstick on, it will  treat their dog for fleas.

BRB, just off to lodge a patent. Actually, a dog perfume that acts as a flea treatment would be a good idea. Hm.. Went well then? Yep :) Reminds me of what a french friend once said about Paisley.

> <french accent>Paisley iz good... if you like junkie girls</french accent> Paisley is a great place! 
Provided you look at it from the Glasgow boundary. Or the International Space Station. Just got paid and after rent / putting money aside for France on Thursday I've only got Â£30 to last me the week. Looks like I'm staying sober this weekend.  Going to the Euros? Yeah man for the England game! Thursday afternoon in Paris then an overnight 11 hour coach to Marseille (brutal but was only Â£4). Flying back on monday but  I've only got 35 euros to spend a day as I'm shit with money, should still be good though! I am away to Marseille in a couple a weeks for some games, need to give us some tips when yer back mucker. Sure thing, I'll no doubt post in the Steamie about it when I get back on the 13th so I'll DM you some things to see / do if I remember Not bad. Fuck it, 35 euros a day in an off license should do. 

Least you'll get to see one of England's three games before they inevitably get papped out at the group stages... I'm just jealous.   aye thats the plan, living off cheap beer and croissants I can't imagine Marseille is the best city to find decent places to eat as a veggie anyway. And hey at least we qualified ;P aha as if this got downvoted, someone clearly doesn't like us English! I think we're just bitter we have been left out the party. The fact that you are in Glasgow means I'll give you a chance, but you're from a nation riddled with Tory cunts so expect downvotes a lot. Mate, you guys just had the Tories finish second in your local elections! Plus I'm from East London, we hate the Tories as much as Glasgow :P Oh I know. And to be fair, Ruth Davidson actually seems like quite a decent person. I feel dirty just for saying that. But even our Tories are pretty lefty compared to Cameron, Osborne, BoJo and IDS. I'm still ashamed for our nation that we actually voted some in and I'm considerably more understanding of Tory policies than most. But you're still getting downvotes purely cos your lot got to the Euros. It's basic football rivalry. Anyone.But.England!  Maybe its because we've barely played you in my lifetime but I really don't hate the Scotland team, I always hope all the British teams qualify :( Back in Glasgow and it's warm! I was like a spectre at the feast cutting through Central Station in black with Docs on and a scarf. Aberdeen was baltic but warmed up slightly today as it was raining. Might crack open the honey bourbon to celebrate being home and warm for the first time since Tuesday. I'm up mega early. Never usually before 08:30. Today I woke up at 06:00. This doesn't please me... Getting older? Maybe someone rattled your door? Soul destroying urge to pee maybe?  Aye maybe. Or maybe my new flat mate is looking for a shoeing!  I am usually out at work at 5am and I actually quite like how peaceful it is at that time. Means I can go to the gym after my short morning shift and cycle in to my other job.  The peace and quiet on the streets in the early morning is great. You don't get the full tranquil experience in the motor, only when you're on foot or cycling. First thing in the morning is the best part of the day! I wake at 5am every day and usually up by 5:45am to get some excercise in. In work for 7am and finish early.

Ask me if I'd have been doing that in the future, ten years ago, and I'd have fallen off my chair laughing. Agreed. I'm up at 5:45 3 days a week to go to the gym before work. It's the way forward. Bruce Springsteen was brilliant last night, even with the sun in my eyes for a good chunk of it! It is the third time I've seen him but this was the best one I've been to. I think was was quite a lot of people who didn't realise how early the show was going to start though.  That's jumped to the top of best gigs I've been to. I was warned he mixes up his set list every night and he might not play all the biggies.

While the slower stuff like Sandy and American Skin were awesome live, I felt it was just beginning to lull when he then brought out the big guns.

The last 40 minutes or so was like a bucket list of must see live songs. I could imagine some folk were rushing to get out of work and then to the venue. There isn't a lot of time if you finish at 5 and need to jump home first.

Not me though, I took a half day, started queuing at half 3 and managed to get in the pit when we finally got let in.

It was a glorious day for it, I had to keep the wife's cardigan on my head in the lead up to the show in fear of getting sunburnt or sun stroke. Shame we didn't get "Racing in the street" as that's one of my favourite summer songs. Was great seeing "Born In The USA" and "I'm going down" live for the first time.

One of the best things about seeing him live is that it can make you appreciate a song you never really thought much of. "Sandy" is a song I don't tend to listen to but it's incredible moving live. Same for "American Skin". Similarly the studio version of "Point Blank" doesn't do the live version justice.

The setlist for anyone whose interested.
http://brucespringsteen.net/shows/glasgow-scotland-060116 Fantastic gig. So glad I saw Born in the USA as last time he was up he didn't play it. The last hour and a half were superb, hit after hit. I thought there was a bit of a lull in the middle but that could be because I was near the back (girlfriend couldn't see a thing further forwards)  and there was a lot of movement with people going to the bar. I'm learning about databases this morning. Hopefully I can skim through this book and I'll be an expert by lunchtime... Write your where clause first. Hands up everyone who's written 'UPDATE Users SET password = :password' and screwed up the rest of their day? Just me? Springsteen meant it took 35 minutes for a number 7 to show up last night and then a further 50 minutes to get from town to Toryglen. Next time there's a gig there on a weekday I'm bloody walking home, would have been quicker.  Coldplay on Tuesday. You have been warned.  Ugh, I hope I don't hear that shite from my room. I'm losing my job after Friday though so I doubt I'll have a new one by then It's one thing to be inflicted with Springsteen against your will but involuntary Coldplay should be illegal.  I actually couldn't hear the gig from my flat sadly which is a shame as I like Bruce (just not enough to pay Â£60 or whatever tickets were) >  Â£60

Aye if you're lucky. I see tickets for bigger gigs like that easily pushing the Â£100 mark these days. Brutal. Give me a sweaty punk show in Audio for a tenner anyday! For dinner I ordered what I thought was nachos with beef on top. What I got was a huge burger in a bun with coleslaw, nachos and 1/2 pound of bright orange cheese. And fries. If  I don't post tomorrow please visit me in the cardiac unit.  Anyone has a good suggestion of where to watch England-Portugal in the city centre? depends on what team you'll be supporting really, most bars will be a mix but if you're looking to specifically support Portugal then maybe try Boteco on Trongate? Every bar will be supporting Portugal. The Sun Kil Moon gig at St Luke's isn't until the 21st June I've just learned how TorSen diffs work, and I really wish I had my childhood Lego Technic collection to hand so I could build one and play with it. Whoever came up with them was a clever bugger. Dont go and buy some Technic. That shit is plastic heroin. Beginning my wee bikepacking trip to Aberdeen today to visit my folks. I should arrive Tomorrow night if everything goes to plan. 

Been planning it for a month. Thank fuck the weather is glorious.  Where you stopping off to kip?  Good luck!! May your ride by troublefree. Somewhere in Glenshee I hope. Going via Braemar  In Aberdeen just now and the weather is anything but glorious, take some warm/waterproof clothing!  Either I've had a monumental fuck up and Bruce Springsteen isn't playing today or SteamBot has missed Hampden events.  There have been some extra keen punters outside Hampden since Monday. Oh he's playing today! That's why I put forward the Boss for tune of the day.  Have all the upvotes good sir. I'm getting there early with the hopes of sneaking into the pit again. I'm leaving work at 4. Suspect it's too late for the pit by the time I get there, but I'll be giving it a go I was meant to be going with my brother and we were planning to take the afternoon off so we could go into the pit. He decided against coming up from London so taking my girlfriend instead so no pit for me as she's working until 5. :( So long as you are there before he goes on stage at 6:30. 

I'm sure he went on at 7:30 last time. I entered a Springsteen tune as well! Good choice of tune, one of my favourites. Looks like it will be an amazing evening to watch the Boss.  Can I cast my cloot now May's oot?

EDIT: Also ended up having a gas leak, so had to phone the emergency gas people.  There are some things that go wrong in this country, but the fact I can phone the number on a suspected leak and they come round within 2 hours to fix it FOR FREE is a good thing we've got right in this country. HI everyone, organizing a motorbike run to a [Whisky distillery](https://www.reddit.com/r/MotoUK/comments/4m0noo/whisky_run_oban_or_pencaitland/) for Friday over on /r/motouk and I know there are a few bikers on here, check it out and if anyone is interested! Happy Summer y'all.  Went out with my scouse mates last night who are up for Springsteen today. One of them was so drunk we actually managed to get kicked out of Bloc, that's a first. (also feeling rough as fuck today) Bloc kick people out? Impressive! Well kind of, I went to the bar to get another drink and I was told we weren't getting served any more booze as our mate was too drunk. She was nice enough to give him a pint of water though. Stayed for another 20 minutes before the bouncer said we should probably leave, was the most polite "kick out" I've ever experienced  4 Beers last night and I am bust at my desk today, life is pain. You forgot to Water Up didn't you? ......yes. 

It wasnt so much I forgot, more of me willfully being an idiot. It was pretty late by the time I got in and I weighed up my options of: Rehydrate and get up in the middle of the night needing to piss/Dont rehydrate and sleep through but feel terrible. 

I chose the wrong option. You know for next time. Always Water Up.  Ready for a bit of the boss today. Seen him twice before and it's always an amazing show. Impressive a 66 year old can perform for near 4 hours and never let the energy drop once. Phone got turned into 100 extra bits yesterday making my already shit week more shit. Picking up the new car later this afternoon and planning a BBQ for the weekend with some mates. Good times. Also all of you heading to see the boss tonight are jammy bastards.  What car did you get?  Ex Polis BMW. It goes like a bat out of hell. I am pleased by this purchase. http://i.imgur.com/KcHryPl.jpg

Edit: Looks a bit ruff to me. Anyone not going to the Boss should really consider checking Moon Hooch out, tonight at the ABC. Im gutted I cant go, but the Boss is the Boss... Marginally warm in Aberdeen today! My boss says Glasgow is scorching..... First here! Off to Aberdeen for work. Gregg's breakfast and the Herald crossword to keep me occupied on the train. An early start, but the weather is gorgeous and it's pay day! Happy days. Have a good day  Glorious this morning and Moderat as the tune of the day, Cannae whack it. I feel really sorry for the men in the office today. All the women are in little sun dresses, or wearing tops with short/no sleeves, yet all the men are still in their long sleeve business shirts with ties. Poor guys :( Agreed!  Let our man friends wear some cooler clothes! Thank god for my offices casual dress policy.  Used to send me daft where I used to work. One of the guys came in wearing one his mrs dresses as a protest (statement piece and pop of colour in one). He got sent home and we were all warned not to wear dresses haha Sounds like discrimination! Maybe he was testing the waters before revealing his transgender realisation? Actually I think that is technically discrimination and they would be liable under the Equality act though I think from memory the legislation is really tied up in whether you have had gender reassignment.   The concern is whether you've embarked on a course of action that will lead to gender reassignment surgery.

Wearing a dress to work to "test the waters" could suggest this, but the headline ET cases have always involved those who are or have made substantial lifestyle changes. What about kilts? Back into the cycling commute now that I have performed a miracle and got baby brother through his driving test. Looking forward to picking up the new motor though tomorrow and having a blast around the motorway. Yaldie.  Well done to you and your brother! Yeah I was surprised and he passed by a baw hair but its a pass and thats all thats required. Hoping he takes his time and keeps practising before he launches himself on the motorway. Either my dad, partner or me will take him out there when its quieter. In hindsight I was being a lot harder on him than he is used to as traffic in Glasgow is a lot heavier and more confusing than Dumbarton where he had his test in the end. But hey it obviously worked eh?  I've now had to write a list of a couple of things to do so I don't sit on my arse all day and play Pokemon.

I've also realised that this interview is really creeping up on me for next week so I need to think of a topic for this presentation I need to prepare.  I would class myself as fairly good at presenting but this one is making me shit bricks. What kind of presentation? Identify a topic in which BT (who the interview is for) could make a meaningful contribution to through the power of communications, discuss it and then discuss how BT would deploy my idea.

I think the last part will be fairly easy but identifying a topic I'm finding difficult.  I think an aspect Cyber Security might be easiest as I did a course on it last semester and they have been supportive in trying to get people educated on Cyber Security through various things according to their website.  Broadband delivery, to remote places is a hot topic for them just now, i know coz i just left openreach at the end of April there i know nothing about the engineering aspects on how this works but I suspect telling them to get their finger out and spend some money on infrstructure and fiber optic is outta the question? I can probably mention it.  They've asked me what resources and technologies I would need to tackle my issue (which I have decided will be old people loneliness) and all I can think of telling them to give free calls to selected numbers and get their employees to volunteer time to running drop in centres to get them online.  So yeah, I am pretty much telling them to spend their money. I think your ideas are great; this is a really big problem. What about suggesting 1/2 price (or free) line rental to the over 75s similar to the TV licence idea? Excellent idea!  I'll think about it. yup, head scratcher that one, old people aren't the easiest to convince to using computers at the best of times, hell they still like watching TV while everyone else's viewing habits are changing.  Maybe start from loneliness from mid 30's and work your way up from there, that might help give you ideas I know, I think the main problem is ensuring how to get older people the information they need without feeling like you're pestering them.  For example earlier I found out about a lovely organisation which organises monthly tea afternoons where volunteers pick you up from your house, but the only way to find out more information (i.e. group specifics) was by e-mail.  If you're a lonely older person it is less likely you would find out about this group.   I've thought about this before (providing more communication to older folk) - provide cheap tablets as part of their internet service, and have someone demo how to use them.  Or go the next step and build an old-school intranet tailored for them where they can opt in and out to things like "local announcements" from places they recognise like churches, libraries, community centres etc. Some excellent food for thought there!  Thanks for your suggestions. It's far too hot to be in the office today. 
 Lucky you; Aberdeen  is baltic. Everyone keeps telling me I should have been here yesterday. Had to buy a scarf. Never been to Aberdeen when its cold but I've heard the horror stories! Hopefully its better for you tomorrow I've yet to be in Aberdeen when it's warm but I live in hope. Its fucking roasting and we can't even open a window because of one of my colleagues phobia of bees and wasps. Fucking hell!  I once killed a wasp on the bus as people were scared. I briefly felt like a superhero! Came out of work like a greaseball with all the sweat. Not nice. Also who the fuck is scared of bees? Mon the Bees! Where's decent for a haircut in town? I've been using City Barbers but have been underwhelmed by my last 2 cuts there. I'm looking to go today so a walk in place would be ideal. Cheers! Merchant Citybarbers on Wilson Street. There's an oldest, lanky guy who's really good and he's chill. 11.50Â£  Taking a punt on this. Cheers mate  I've been happy with my service there. Mind you I've only been the once, but hey, it's 100% success rate.

There's always  /r/fuckmyshitup though. I'm very picky and stop going places/ give them one go and write them off at the drop of a hat, but I love the service so far at Mohair in the Trongate, and they take appointments, but only by phone. Open 7 days as well which is a big plus for me! I am thinking of going back to Men International, decent 'posh' barbers.  But really need somewhere I can book due to compacted lunch times :( We've dropped a van so all our runs are now 7.5% heavier. Cannot be hooped with it. And I just got a parking ticket. Grumpy as fuck today. Do work not pay for the parking tickets? They do, but I may get a bollocking for using double yellows rather than a loading bay. For 80kg of shopping when I'm already running late, I'm not parking half a mile away... on the plus side my afternoon looks lightish and I actually had a really decent coffee from All That Is Coffee. Glad I gave them another chance. I take it the van you've dropped has broken down or otherwise?  Here's me thinking that some wee ned has stolen a Tesco delivery van... Nope, they've decided to take one off us. The two other big dot-com shops have each lost a van too. Presumably they feel we aren't busy enough, though I'd beg to differ! Im going to pretend I have nothing to do today. Had a serious man flu all weekend. Gash. It's been nice weather and everything! Ibuprofen is my best pal. Still debating whether or not to go into work today :/ 

edit: I did it and regret it.  Found out yesterday my mother was robbed in her home, on Saturday night. Some prick managed to make off with her jewelry box. Police are useless. If anyone hears of anyone punting jewelry, please let me know.  What happened? Sneak in theft or an actual robbery (violence involved)? Sneaked in  Scumbags. What did the police do that was so useless?  I got threatened by my neddy scumbag neighbours and it took me all my courage to call the police and when they came out, the male officer asked "how do you not know she has tourettes" aye nah bother mate. Although the officer I dealt with afterward regarding an ongoing complaint seemed more reasonable but these clowns that are a bit too 'tippy toey'  need to evaluate their career choice. 

*a whole shit load of grammatical and spelling mistakes* Doing overtime in work today, not used to heading to the shite hole at this time in the morning. Someone bring me a coffee eh.  Woke up with no hangover for the first time since Friday and man do I feel like snow white this morning  Feel for the poor buggers who work at MoneyQuest mortgage brokers, who seem to have shown up to work only to find they've been locked out. Day off today, so many opportunities! And ill probs procrastinate the day away then play the xbox. I want to do something today. Something fun, no passive stuff. Any ideas? Go for a paddle in the Clyde, the weather's lovely. Sweatin like a burst water main in the office the day. Lookin forward to a few pints later on. If there's any NBA enthusiasts here you have to watch game 6 between Oklahoma and Golden State. Just fucking wow!!! Game 7 the night? Aye. Should be class http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HBQ2mjkvYY8 Good morning all! How is everyone enjoying their weekend? Up for a quick 40k on the bike this morning, and then out to pick up last minute stuff for my holidays. Then came back and painted the shed. Day trip down the coast today, barbecue this evening...sunshine on a bank holiday weekend? Yes! Morning!  My weekends been excellent, wandered around Edinburgh yesterday, social dancing last night, got a baby naming ceremony this afternoon and then Mexican night with my pal, yass.  Just made some cheesecake so will be eating that later. I want your weekend! More specifically the Mexican and the Cheesecake! I'll send you a photo later. I did not water up before bed, so feeling a little muggy.

I did, however, wear a pop of colour last night so at least some advice was heeded. Do you have everything on hand for my hangover cure? I'm feeling under the weather today,  but had to go and see 2 lots of family. I wasn't really looking forward to it as it meant a lot of buses and being organised. But I had a good day and got my dinner, homemade jam and home grown goodies. Back on the couch with some paracetamol.  But it's good when something you are not really looking forward to turns out better than you think. Hope you all enjoy the rest of the weekend. sploited! Barmy army!  I'm looking for Resident Evil 2 for the Gamecube. Anyone willing to point me in the right direction? Checked ebay and amazon they're wanting ~Â£50. Fuck that. You can emulate GC games on dolphin that look better than the original game. Had a look out of curiosity, is [this any good?](http://www.game.co.uk/en/resident-evil-2-10881) I'll pass by Game tomorrow and see if they have it in. cheers! Today's the day! If you are going  to Eaglesham beer festival come say hi!  Good luck with your brews! Just beetroot to yourself and to many others!  Went mad yesterday and bought an ex-police pursuit BMW. Sadly no siren but helpfully an extra battery and all the wiring from the old equipment has been left so time to customise the fuck out of this badboy. 

Goes like Satan on speed. Yaldie. 

Sadly though this means the motorbike is on the back burner for a couple of months, still going to go for my CBT and full license though but a full decent bike will need to wait at least a little while.   Sweet, saloon or estate, engine, 3 or 5 series? 3 series saloon, very chuffed with it. 


https://www.gumtree.com/p/bmw/bmw-3-series-3.0-330d-se-4d/1170909977 Looks amazing. Mileage about double average for its age but it'll have been so well looked after that's irrelevant  The service history is mental. Every fuse, every bulb change and new tyre is documented. If PC Macdougall violently farted in there I know about it  given how meticulous the service history is. That and it's not a car that's meant to sit there but made to be driven so it sounds sweet as a nut. 
 Nice! I've a friend with a 320 petrol and that doesn't hang about, I can imagine the 330 diesel is a bit of a torque monster! They remap nicely for even more grunt. And the cocks have more or less totally moved to Audis. BMW ownership hasn't been this good since the E30! S3s and Golf Rs, the new "Im a roaster" cars. Aw man, I really like the Golf R. Everybody loves a "much is rat a munf m8" finance brief :-p Refit all the gear and claim it was like that when you bought it. "The siren was there when I bought it officer, honest! And those cardboard boxes were just sitting there asking to be driven through at high speed." How long until you get bored of saying:  It's got a cop motor, a 440 cubic inch plant, it's got cop tires, cop suspensions, cop shocks. It's a model made before catalytic converters so it'll run good on regular gas. What do you say, is it the new Bluesmobile or what? Ive already started with the Blues Brothers references and have stuck the Peter Gunn theme on loop. 

It is coincidentally one of my favourite films which is why I find this whole situation hilarious.  Big day today. In the choir doing Ode To Joy at the concert hall tonight. Did it last night in Edinburgh and it was absolutely smashing. Tonight it's being live streamed online so it will be my first time singing with cameras. [You can watch it here if you like](http://www.classicfm.com/browse/?u=/artists/royal-scottish-national-orchestra/rsno-news/rsno-live-stream-page/). Starts at 7.30, we're on in the 2nd half. 

I'll be the one struggling to stay awake because my extremely drunk boyfriend decided to visit me at 2am, kept me awake being a twat so I ended up on the sofa where I again got no sleep. That's ok though, not like I have a massive day ahead or anything.  My da's up to see it, he's very much looking forward to it! Tell him it's going to be cracking! Got the biggest applause we've ever had last night! The other half is having a girls night in tonight. All my mates are busy elsewhere so I'm going to have to spend my evening locked in the other room with a crate of beer and a pc full of videogames. I've been looking forward to this all week.  Whatcha playin' on yer PC? Currently replaying Tomb Raider. I forgot that the game is just fun. Other than that I'm tempted to get the witcher 3 dlc and play through Hearts of Stone... But then I have a friend who's trying to get me to grab over watch. The world is my oyster.  Never got into the Witcher games. Gave 2 a try but didn't get on with the action.

I'm doing my 2nd run through of Dark Souls 3. I got really bored with 2 myself. 3 is a different kettle of fish entirely and I loved it. Dark Souls is a good shout though. I played 15 hours of Dark Souls 1, managed to get past the first bell and then put it down. I don't reckon it's for me, but i can see why do many people love the series.  Last nights Game of Thrones RISK and a bottle of tonto has me feeling rougher than a Harvey Price back rub. Emergency fry up and 2 litres of tea administered intravenously should sort me out. Probably gonny jump on PS4 (JOIN ME) and ride this hangover into the sunset. That fucking beggar outside tesco along the road West from central. Walked by her as I do everyday, with my pal whos left eye is blind and looks sorta messed up. We walked by her,  'no sorry'  as usual and she starts shouting abuse in Romanian or whatever and she's pointing at her eye and laughing. 

I swear to fuck I'm thinking of spitting on that wee cow or tossing her cup of coins out over the road. Had enough of these jobless leeching wanks.  give The Donald a bell and see if he can build a wall around govanhill. I'm really not the Trump-type mate. I'm just not a fan of a woman sitting on her arse all day begging for money and shouting abuse at my visually imparted friend,  then getting picked up by her family, or employer, or whatever the fuck at the end of her scrounging day Great tune! Woke up feeling as if I've been run over by a bus twice.

Fucking summer flu. mate
last day of work (and it's nearly done) before 2 weeks off, including a week in sunny Barcelona. can I wait? Aye, i'm enjoying today first How is that when we were at school we never seemed to be away from the place but now every second weekend seems to be a holiday for the wee buggers? Aye but mind we were high on e numbers and free milk. Swings and er roundabouts  Some puppy pics as promised. 

https://imgur.com/a/EaDEG See when you see something cute, do you ever get the urge to, I don't know, scream? Almost like a long, raspy yell. That's what I did when I saw the picture of your dog.

That sounds creepy as fuck now that I've typed it out. Too cute those eyes are adorable  I made a squeeee noise...I'm a 36 year old man.  Soooo cute! I now die of cute.  Oh what a lovely little smoosh. Those eyes! I think my cold, black heart just warmed a little. Who the fuck down votes SteamieBot lol  Haha I know it's weird.

I think reddit generally is a bit too downvote happy, but I don't delete any downvoted comments, you can either like lump or lump my views.   I think its just vote fuzzing.

[More info](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_how_is_a_submission.27s_score_determined.3F) I didn't realise that's how it worked, interesting! It's the same with vote score on comments too. I'm filling in travel details for some friends. It's asking for places of birth. There's a Saigon... a Dublin... and then me with...

Bellshill I bet there's a bunch of people in Saigon who reckon Bellshill is a pretty exotic place. Packing up all my beer and stuff for beer festival on Saturday.  Proper bricking it as I'm the only brewery that isn't a huge company! > I'm the only brewery that isn't a huge company!

... yet! Good luck!  I bet you will sell out, I always get the impression these festivals are for people to try new things rather than the stuff they've had before. Well I'm taking my crazy beers including a beetroot saison..... So I hope so!  Wow, that is unusual!  You can post a picture in The Steamie tomorrow with it all sold out. I shall :) What's the name of your brewery? Ride..... Just ride..... :)  I've had some of these.  Good beers.  Where are you based?  And how did you start?  I have become a very keen homebrewer in the last year.   I was working for a well known brewery but got let go as the owner didn't like homebrewing among his staff. So I decided to start my own.  I'm just doing 100l batches just now with a view of getting a larger plant. I pretty much built my plant from scratch. Self taught myself electrics and plumbing. Been a tough slog!  That's cool.  I only do 5L batches for personal consumption but I'll be upgrading my setup when I move somewhere I can have a shed/small outbuilding.  I'm thinking of doing a 20L 3-vessel induction hotplate thing, with recirculation if I can work out how to do it.  And of course plenty of space for fermentation/bottle ageing.   Love your work. Had one of your IPAs, I think it was out of Hippo.  That sounds proper exciting! I'm sure being the only small brewer will work in your favour. What festival is it? Eaglesham beer festival!  You doing the west end festival or North Hop? Sadly no. Don't know when my next one is. In fact probably a tap take over at drury St :)  Day off! Doing our first performance of Beethoven 9 tonight in Edinburgh after many many hours of rehearsals. Glasgow tomorrow! Think they're both a sell out! Cracking tune of the day. Nice one /u/kidfockr. First one I've ever submitted, figured it would be a good end to everyone's working week. :) First time I heard bombay bicycle club was when they played Glasto in 2014 and I was watching it on the telly. The bass line on [this track](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGLKFE21Y64) really does it for me. Such an uplifting song.

E: Yeah, its a great track for the end of the week :) Going to Germany to visit fam there for a week. After that I'll be working on a Scottish island for the whole summer. I'm anxious about all this change. But also looking forward to escaping the big city for a few months. You'll probably love it, it's always nice to getaway from the city for a while. I can't wait to spend my summer holiday with my girlfriend in the country. It's so nice and quiet.  As long as there is internet it will be sound  Bought a riverside ticket off /u/MaximusBellendusII and didny get raped so I reckon that's a good start to the weekend Good to know! Can leave my arse protectors at home. hahaha! :) I want to know what the other 7 songs submitted for tune of the day were I choice [James You Ill (Yuill) - no surprise](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=3l0p1d01P9s).

BBC will do as well thoughðŸ˜ƒ I submitted Party Fears 2 by the Associates! I submitted this last week but the link was bad and it got taken down. I was named and shamed.. I picked [Shamen's Move Any Mountain.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PthnTuzKU3o)  Lad. Fuck me, that takes me back. Released in 1990. Heard it a couple of years ago and thought it sounded familiar. [Figured out why.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTHX8UD6KDI)

God, I loved the Streets of Rage series. Fun games with some of the best music of the era. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXpcTbNymRA Indeed. The late 80's and early 90's is such an odd time for electronic. All manner of new, catchy shit is released but it's not as saccharine as the stuff towards the end of the 90's.

It's weird to go back and look at early hardcore and realise that it's dark and relatively slow, the exact opposite of what it is today. I was a teenager in the 90's and really got into my dance music. I find it hard to come across stuff I really like now that isn't just a rework of something I've already heard. I suppose all music is the same really, small increments on existing releases through time. One of the first CD's I was ever given was [this](https://www.discogs.com/The-Galaxy-Sound-Orchestra-Synthesizer-Hits/release/1206059) compilation and I would rate it against any new release.

Incidentally, it's one of the most apt encapsulations of its era (say, 1973-1990) I've ever found. That's 3 folk tonight I wouldn't have minded going to see.....dunno if it's just me but seem to be getting caught out with gigs more and more these days. Either find out just after it's sold out or on the day. Infuriating I say!! Aye same, I used to be well in the know back in my Kerrang! reading days, now I have absolutely no clue. In some bizarre twist of events I found myself at the catty last night. The place is like a fucking time capsule, hasn't changed in ten years.

I've been suffering all day though. I thought that a pintos burrito would sort me out but, like everyone's been saying, it was shite. All bland and watery. Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r4l92ot?feature=playlist&nline=1)

	VIDEO|COMMENT
	-|-
[The Shamen Move Any Mountain](https://youtube.com/watch?v=PthnTuzKU3o)|[4](https://reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4l92ot/_/d3listh?context=10#d3listh) - I picked Shamen's Move Any Mountain.  
[The Shamen - Ebeneezer Goode - Lyrics included](https://youtube.com/watch?v=yXpcTbNymRA)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4l92ot/_/d3lk31a?context=10#d3lk31a) -  
[Streets of Rage 2 OST - Under Logic](https://youtube.com/watch?v=xTHX8UD6KDI)|[2](https://reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4l92ot/_/d3ljxsj?context=10#d3ljxsj) - Released in 1990. Heard it a couple of years ago and thought it sounded familiar. Figured out why.  God, I loved the Streets of Rage series. Fun games with some of the best music of the era. 
[Bombay Bicycle Club - Lights Out Words Gone Glastonbury 2014](https://youtube.com/watch?v=KGLKFE21Y64)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4l92ot/_/d3ln8dh?context=10#d3ln8dh) - First time I heard bombay bicycle club was when they played Glasto in 2014 and I was watching it on the telly. The bass line on this track really does it for me. Such an uplifting song.  E: Yeah, its a great track for the end of the week :) 
[James Yuill - No Surprise [Official Music Video]](https://youtube.com/watch?v=3l0p1d01P9s)|[1](https://reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4l92ot/_/d3ln7fp?context=10#d3ln7fp) - I choice James You I'll (Yuill) - no surpriseJames You I'll (Yuill) - no surprise.  BBC will do as well thoughðŸ˜ƒ 
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch.
***
[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | [Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) Years spent buying kerrang every week for the listings and the posters, for sure Good news: tickets booked for Budapest. And then a week in Italy the week after. :)

Bad news: I can't make the global Reddit meetup. :(

And it's now the weekend :D Was in the Sparkle Horse in Partick tonight. Good food, nice vibe and a honey bourbon. Feeling no pain! Just had to cross the uni picket line to do a delivery. The woman who spoke to me seemed to understand, I want to support their cause but I don't really want to get hauled into an office for not doing my job. 

Crunching the numbers on their leaflet seems to indicate the average salary they're saying is too low is in the region of Â£40k, so they're substantially better off than me... maybe I'll form my own picket line. With blackjack and hookers. What uni was that? Not seen any picket lines at Strathclyde today, but I think there are some strikes going on at some point. Glasgow, they were outside the University Avenue main gate.  Surprised they were not holding the picket from their tables in the chip. After almost a year of waiting we finally get to go pick up our new puppy today. Roll on 4pm.  What kind of dog?  Dogs are the best. I second this question and statement! We want photos

signed: The Steamie Dog Lovers +50billion. Short haired, black and tan miniature dachshund.

I'll report back tomorrow with some pics.  Short stretched Rottweiler? :P I can go for that. Photos dammit! Fuck me, that Facebook David Bowie advert on Broomielaw is an eyesore.  I think it'd be a cool mural if it wasn't an advert. Someone needs to paint over the Facebook logo and it'd be sorted. Aye it's disappointing to say the least that it's an ad. The billboard for Facebook on Hope Street at Central is bad enough.  Before it was an ad for a bathroom place that was actually pretty tasteful artistically. I think even if that wasn't an advert it's too stark. Plus, the message behind it is cringeworthy.  [photo](https://twitter.com/HeartScotland/status/735503357666791425) for the curious (like me) Eye See You...it's just a little bit too creepy for my tastes! I love Dunottar Castle. One of those episodes of Weir's Way that has me in awe every time.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8NsOnnVkSk Woo my tune! Don't let the video put you off!  last day of hol so planning to just chill and spend the last of the money on food and booze Where are you holidaying? Algarve, a nice and quiet not very touristy part Where in the Algarve? I've been to Lagos lots of times, it's fabulous. Cabanas, it's towards the Spanish border from Faro. Portugal is fast becoming my fav getaway, still so cheap for being in the eurozone  Nice!  Don't you love the food as well?  Where I go they freshly barbecue fish and chuck some salt and lemon on it and then that's it.  Yum! Haha yeah seafood paradise. Saving myself later for a grand finale of mixed fish grill, the restaurant I go just keep bringing you different types of fish til you can't eat no more! The green wine is a nice change too, you tried it?  Vino Verde?  I love it, wish it was a bit more readily available here. Yeah! have you seen it back home anywhere? Though I imagine the taste is somewhat compromised when it's chucking it down outside :) Aldi used to have it as a regular wine in their shop but have now made it more of an occasional thing, it's around Â£4 and tasty as fuck.  Apart from that I can't think of anywhere who has it as regularly as there, aside from pricy wine shops. Had my first driving lesson with Charles.

He has the most soothing voice. Can't wait to get this provisional driving malarkey over though! If it's the same guy I'm thinking of, I liked his voice too!  Very reassuring. By a miracle (or my driving instructing skills) baby brother managed to pass his driving test today. He may now be the designated driver forever more.  I didn't realise that yesterdays's tune of the day was Less Than Jake. I randomly met them at the old HMV on Sauchiehall street about 14 years ago. They were due to play T in the park the next day, the lead singer didn't seem interested in talking to a bunch of 16 year olds but the rest of the band were really cool. Spend my morning sorting through a "Box O' Computer Crap" dropped off by /u/verticaldepth

Happy as a pig in shit.

I'd take these boxes everyday if I could. What kind of stuff you looking for? I've got a load of obsolete kit in work in needing shot of, can maybe help you out You have my interest.
What't sort of kit? I'll probably take it anyway

Why is it obsolete? Age? Or does your work replace kit ever 3 years because "business"? PM'd You're very welcome mate, hope you get some good use out of that stuff. Glad it's making you happy rather than just taking up space in my house. Morning Team! I'm taking my motorbike back to the garage today. It has a few issues after less that 800 miles from when I got it. Hoping from some real no nonsense treatment. Such as yeah sure we can fix that for you. Here is a loaner while we work on it. Wish me luck, I'm proper nervous.  Sorry to hear that mate. Would never have guessed that from a Yamaha. Let us know how you get on.  Cheers dude. Yeah it's my first Yamaha. My mechanic says it's very unusual and therefore probably very bad so I think I want to wash my hands of it. Not good mate. Any update? I've got a 1992 Yamaha in the garage that was at one point carrying me 300 miles a week. On two separate occasions the inlet tappet and lock nut worked their way loose and fell into the head (missing the inlet) and the bike kept running- limped me from Leadburn to Edinburgh first time around. I could pretty much get it down to nuts and bolts with little more than a bicycle multitool.

Great wee bike, I should get it back on the road. You should, then join us for the /r/MotoUK ride outs. We had our first one a couple of weeks ago and it went well - https://www.reddit.com/r/MotoUK/comments/4jcjrh/saltire_motorcycles_edinburgh_had_some_visitors/ I would be up for that as well once I've bought a decent bike.  How did you get on with your CBT? Still hunting for a bike? If I can get it past the lawnmower full of bees before the end of the summer and put all the bits it needs on it, I'm in! Depending when you bought it (last 2 months I think) they have to fix it no questions ask or give you an equivalent. Yeah but they don't have an equivalent. So I'll probably get my money back and have to find something else... Not the worst case but I'll struggle to find something as nice.  Good luck and be like John Wayne toilet paper; *rough, tough and don't take no shit from nobody* Nice.  Minus 2 days till we get the keys to our new flat in Battlefield!  Boxing up and packing every night after work isnae fun.  Just want to get in the place now!   Date No.2 was a success. Date No.3 has been agreed upon. Guessed that when there was no early morning disaster story...

Go you! Date No.2 only lasted 2.5 hours and I was home by 8:30pm, so not much room for a disaster! We'll see how Date No.3 goes ;)     
Have you got your work pics yet? How'd they turn out? You should have Date No 3 in some random town - Stirling or Oban maybe.

Haven't seen the works pics yet - quite fancy the idea of posting them with those Hollywood-style black lines across my eyes though... He's coming to Glasgow for Date No.3 - Maybe Date No.4 could be Stirling? Good thinking ;)     
Do it! Hold up.

It says only one eligible link was submitted yet I submitted a song. Same man ðŸ˜ž  [deleted] Submit it again for tomorrow, I fixed the problem! *tl;dr There was a bug, it's fixed.*

There was a bug in the code that found the YouTube links in the messages. It's only been there since yesterday so it's only affected 2 Steamie posts.

People submit the links in a range of ways (https://youtube.com, http://www.youtube.com, https://youtu.be) and it wasn't accounting for all of these. In my (sort of) defence, I nicked that bit of the code from /u/youtubefactsbot and whoever wrote that got it wrong.

All fixed now though: https://github.com/maaarghk/SteamieBot/commit/69da5022983f09092ab4accd53805a94736c5dbd I've had a song selected but I can't remember how that happened!

Are you meant to put the link in the subject, in the body, or straight after the link to today's steamie so that it appears as one big link? Meant to just have the link in the message, but it should pick up your link regardless of where it is. 

Once I get the database up and running, you should be able to check whether or not your link was detected.  Gotta go visit someone in that new big hospital after work. Is there a quicker means of getting there via public transport from town than the 77? I got a McGill bus there once cause I was running late once. Nearly choked when the driver asked Â£3 something for a single.

Pretty quick mind you, but the drivers are not great! Subway to Govan then walk. Subway to Govan then bus. The McGills 17. Train to Cardonald and walk.  Finished my exams so now I've summer holiday. Pretty stoked, just have to worry about a possible August resit now. 

Waiting for my podiatry appointment - not thrilled about the prospect of being cut in. But I suppose it'll relive me of a lot of pain and annoyance. Still nervous as fuck though. 

Banging tune for the day though.  Well done finishing your exams, it is such a big relief! I'm sure you will have done better than you thought and will have August free from resits. I hope the appointment goes okay, very understandable you are nervous but they will be able to find the best way to relieve you of the pain.  Thank you, I'm sure it went alright. I can just never tell. 

It was surprising alright with the surgery. Even though it looked disgusting. Never knew my foot could look that disgusting without a toenail.  My job comes to an end next Friday, anyone know of any places around the city center that pay Â£20k+ looking for any admin / office support staff? My mate is a recruitment agent and is desperate for people. Mostly office junior / first time accounts assistants. But most roles are in Edinburgh. PM me for info.  Morgan Stanley are almost always looking for temp staff on 6 month contracts (that usually get extended).

You won't find them named but search S1 and they'll come up under 'a prestigious financial services company' and other similar things like that.

They stand out because they state you require a 2:1 in any degree. I got a 2.2 so I'm guessing that rules me out sadly Apply anyway. Experience generally trumps education. Good luck! I have been looking for a new job for months and there is so little out there in admin at the moment, it's quite scary.  thanks! I'm hoping the agencies I've signed up with come through for me of KPMG (where I work now) will have another assignment and just call me back in. Trying to save a grand before I go to America in September so can't really afford to be out of work for too long If you've got KPMG on your CV you should be able to walk into other jobs. See my previous post about Morgan Stanley. Which agencies are you with? In my experience if the company with likes you, they'll always find a reason to keep you around ;)     
My assignment (which was *meant* to go permanent, the fuckers) is now kinda open ended at the moment, but I am being seriously underpaid considering my career level. I am hoping to find something to get me through til October that pays better. Pertemps, Primestaff, Reed, Adecco, Office Angels, Search, HAYS and a few others. Aye maybe, my boss doesn't like me but its the recruitment team down in London who decide. This was just for a 3 month training course the company were doing so I won't be kept on now thats finishing but if they get other stuff people they'll bring me back Really need to get my Moto G screen fixed. 

Dropped it on the ground and cracked the hell out of the screen. It scratches my big thumb whenever I swipe! ðŸ˜ž

Any recommended repair shops? I have thought about diy but it looks pretty fiddley. Bored oot ma boobs, waiting in all day on a parcel and workmen with my water cut off.  Negative. Still waiting... Got a loaner.  Slightly ironic piece of Scottish History today! Nosotros somos personas? Malayan troops now performing for Stanley Baxter??........ Haha, lest we forget! Day 3 of holiday. Woke up with headphones still in, Billy fuckin' Joel on repeat, sun burned and massively hungover. Good times. Oh and cheap weekend ticket for Riverside festival going in /market ;) Can't resist fucking around with SteamieBot. The title of the video now shows up in the post.

I'm working on integrating a database so we can keep track of submissions and past 'tunes of the day'. Thought it might be interesting to see who's submitting the most songs etc. Great idea. Part of my reason for signing up was Tune of the Day! Love finding new music, especially if it's recommended / means something to someone. What about adding an optional comment to the submission like the reason you picked it? Or is that too much effort all round? Could do. The problem is getting every user to submit in the expected format. At the moment, I don't care what's in the message as long as there's a YouTube link in it - the rest is discarded.

I like the idea though. Once I get the database up and running, I might look into it. SQLite is a great little database system for such a task if you're not using it already. Yeah, that's what I'm using. Nice! I was considering doing a wee dump of Steamie metadata- see if there are patterns in number of posts by day, frequent contributors, that kind of thing. Maybe even frequently used words and phrases. Any thoughts on data that might be interesting to look at? How about a SteamieBot word cloud, that at the end of the year we can have a look at to see which swear word is our favourite? I'll take a wild guess and say "cunt" will be up there. I guess the most interesting metrics would be most comments, comments per day and streak (how many consecutive days has someone posed in the Steamie). Maybe a per-user or per-week/month word cloud?

Could even get a bit of Markov chaining on the go and output a daily "typical Steamie comment". Yeah! Cool ideas. Also liking /u/kidfockr's idea about the word cloud.  +/u/User_Simulator /u/SteamieBot User 'SteamieBot' has 3 comments in history; minimum requirement is 25.

-----

[^^Info](https://github.com/trambelus/UserSim) ^^| [^^Subreddit](/r/User_Simulator) Dammit. But that takes away the surprise! That was part of the fun!    
Good idea on the database though. Thats a nice addition. It is a faff opening it up just to immediately close it when you realise what it is. Spent the morning climbing about an abandoned warehouse in Tradeston. Afternoon is college then Rainbow Six Siege tonight .(JOIN ME) On PS4? Yeah about to jump on, want to squad up? Sorry dude was busy tonight.
Me and my brother play on the same account and I'm looking for people to chat too. 
PM me your username. What was the warehouse? +photos?  Adjacent to a patch of waste ground near the motorway onramp.

EDIT: [this](http://imgur.com/gallery/ibBuW) took ages to sort on mobile haha How did you get in? Via the photo with the fence (one of the first pics) The entrance is a pretty conspicuously fucked open shutter door on the eastern wall, the pic faces south. Cheers  Trying to help the little brother pass his practical driving test. It is a stressful time... I'm glad I won't have to go through that again until I'm old.  It took me 4 times to pass!

Weirdly the guy who ended up passing me was the area manager for the centre, you'd think he'd have been more strict.  I thought I'd failed fairly early on 4th time so I just drove about! I passed 10 years ago and to be honest I think they have made the test slightly easier from what it was. Reversing around the corner doesn't need to be a smooth single movement you can straighten up etc and you only have to do one manoeuvre.   Might be an obvious thing to say but get as many hours behind the wheel if that's an option for you / him even if that's just fannying about on quiet roads. Took me 3 attempts and looking back there was no way I was ready for my first two, maybe even third test. Had mastered all the manuveurs early on in my lessons but still felt like I was behind the wheel of a runaway train when in traffic and it's how you react when things don't go to plan in the test. Good luck! Thats how I passed my test, it was just constant driving. My old man made me drive up to Oban, Fort William and Inverary to top up my driving. To be honest I don't hold out much hope for him passing and its throwing away money before he is ready but heyho. I think driving around Glasgow freaks him out but he is still making stupid mistakes and missing red lights. The idea of multiple traffic lights at junctions like in Maryhill at the top of Queen Margaret Drive messes with his mind.  With more hours on the road, you tend to develop some bad habits. It's a delicate balance. I attribute failing two tests to being too comfortable behind the wheel. So in essence, the advice is, don't take advice from 3rd timers! Off to a school today to do a wee presentation, and I most certainly didn't get enough sleep last night due to 6 consecutive episodes of Ninja Warrior. Yessss, I got my tune of the day sorted. Listening to that song makes me feel fifteen and full of hormones at the cathouse unders.

Anyone thinking of going to their gig at the ABC in October? I'd love to see them live again but I don't know if I can handle them getting old (and, by extension, me). I saw them last year with Yellowcard and they were excellent. I'd definitely go and see them again.

Tempted to get tickets for the October show, I didn't realise they were on tour. Date No.2 tonight in Edinburgh. Almost didn't happen, but it is now, so... Yay? Statement piece/pop of colour is an ochre, mustard and black scarf.  Interesting statement piece!  Hope it goes well for you! It's a Mimco - Australian label, gorgeous stuff. You should check it out! +1 What's with the inter-city dating though? Is it a secret date? Or are you just super-cosmopolitan?

PS office photos back tomorrow - I'll see how my statement piece tie worked out. I am sure you looked great - make sure to share!     
It wasn't intended, and due to a Tinder glitch basically, but we hit it off none the less, and so hey, we'll see how it goes. Though, super-cosmopolitan sounds fun! Woo! What's he like? Charming, funny, attractive but unreliable, hence why Date No.2 almost didn't go ahead. I get paid to be highly reliable and organised, so you know... Maybe not a match made in heaven. Unreliable is one of those qualities I would initially tell myself I could live without (sucker for charming, funny and attractive) but might wind up driving me mad. Hope it's not too severe an issue.

Regardless, definitely sounds like someone who's good to be around! I'm a sucker for any man who looks like a Viking (and he does), so the charming, funny, etc, is a bonus ;D      
I've always had a lot of unreliable friends, so am kind of used to it and therefore tend to be rather forgiving of it. But then again, it's never been inter-city and so unreliability in this situation will be a different kettle of fish. So, we'll see. At the moment I can't see Date No.3 happening. http://www.hagardunor.net/multimedia/hagar_beer_800x600.jpg Do keep us posted, you're making dating sound quite exciting! Trust me, it's not. It's boring, tedious and incredibly frustrating :(  For those that don't know the difference between the two colours (because to me, yellow is yellow), ochre is F5C52C and mustard is F5D04C. 

Black is, of course, 000000. Or to make it [easier](http://i.imgur.com/xH6VJSV.jpg). I have no idea what that is. It is a scarf that been folded into a smaller square. I'm an idiot. Haha, yeah that does make things significantly easier. Nice. I think the quality of the tune of the day has definitely gone up since usernames are tied to the suggestions. 

Can't beat a bit of naming and shaming! I'm new here. Dunno if this is the done thing but hello /r/glasgow Hullawrerr, china. S'happenin? Hola! hi Mate this is not the done thing, WHAT WERE YOU THINKING??? Dunno, put the friendly Glaswegian thing to the test? Worked out quite well I think. Thank you all Made me smile! Thank you. You are rocking that poly bag by the way Haha aye done thing or not you should continue to comment, this sub needs more decent contributors. > Travel

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TP-eWMNJy1M >[**Good Morning Glasgow [0:10]**](http://youtu.be/TP-eWMNJy1M)

>>Me shouting good morning Glasgow at 6am and some random guy shouting back

> [*^miketraceyvxr19*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrasQnn2b7COGhf-1ChWaRQ) ^in ^People ^& ^Blogs

>*^132,571 ^views ^since ^Jul ^2013*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index) A'reet.  wotcher Awright, mate.  Welcome! Hola!  Hi! Welcome! Welcome aboard! Hello! Hello!   'allo.  Went to bed "early" last night as I was knackered after the weekend, now I'm wide awake with a whole glorious day of nothing ahead of me.   In a particularly perky mood today. Last full week of work for a few weeks!  Last week at work before I fuck off to America for a few years. Mixed feelings, but mostly no motivation to be productive in the slightest.

Pint? Where abouts are you going?  Jammy cunt! Florida. Bring on the alligators, sunburn and retired Canadians  > and retired Canadians

Nah, they're all gone for the summer. Just you and the sunburn and the alligators until November, at the earliest. Awra best mate! Hey good for you! Hope it's a good final week!  Company transfer? The US is notoriously hard to move into .. lucky you. J2 visa via the Mrs which lets me get an [EAD](https://www.uscis.gov/green-card/green-card-processes-and-procedures/employment-authorization-document) to let me work.  Hope you don't get drafted for gulf war 3, rescue president Trumps barber. My tune today, yas!!! Great tune btw making desserts for 100students today, hopeign chef remembered to order in some chocolate.  Ooh, what kind of desserts? Potentially ones without chocolate  potentially yes. i asked one of the chefs to take a sticky toffee pudding out the oven before i left. went back 3 hours later and it was still there
did make a chocolate brownie though.  Slept terribly last night due to nerve damage, but am feeling rather good this morning. Let's see how long that lasts. Alcohol damages the nerves?

In other news, official photos at work today. I've tried to take your advice and gone with navy blue shirt and silver paisley pattern tie. Quite suave I hope.

What d'ya think?  I was born with nerve damage and sometimes it flares up (even when I was a kid), with no catalyst or cause that anyone has been able to figure out.     
     
Ooh! You sound very dapper - Let us know how they turn out! Back to work today after a week off, fuck this. Need new job. Scared of getting a worse one than I have. Gah.

In other news, I've had a jury service citation. Anyone ever had to do this? What's the script? never had to do it but iirc you just show the citation to your work, they have to give you the time off, then you show up at the court at the date/time on the letter.

hows your IT course going - have you started it yet? Starting in September, but found out last week SAAS won't pay my fees so that'll be expensive... was actually going to go back over our PM exchange about that EK job from months ago, I've been working on my SQL chops! You should be able to get out of jury duty if you are doing a course. Make sure to mention it.

As for Jury duty, a lot of waiting about, a slightly intimidating atmosphere but an interesting experience. I served on a jury for a fairly minor crime 5 years ago, I'd hate to serve for a serious grisly crime.

I got my notice about 2 months ago that I'm going to be called for jury duty soon. At least it's the sheriff court and not the high court. I got a notice too recently. Really hope I don't get called as I'm on a day rate and the amount id get from the jury service is significantly less than my day rate. Seriously unfair.  Doesn't hurt to mention that either in response to the notice or to the clerk at the court. The two times I've been summoned for jury duty (only picked once), the court clerk was very helpful and lenient with letting people excuse themselves from jury duty. My summons is the High Court. Maybe they'll dismiss me if I live blog the trial to the Steamie.

Sadly I'm not started on my course yet, I'm fairly certain there's nothing that will exempt me either. I've been called up twice and but didn't even get to the courthouse.  You basically phone up a number nearer the time and you listen to an answer machine message which lets you know if you should turn up the next day.

As a result of going through all this faff I have disdain for the way juries are selected.

Just seen something about you doing at IT course, which one is it?  I'm doing the MSc IT at Glasgow and I ended up getting funding for my tuition fees, which was handy! Is that the one run by Ron Poet? I looked into it a few years back, but I didn't think I had the ability to take on a master's course. Yes but my one is a specifically a conversion Masters which means no previous IT experience is required.  I would say the course can be challenging but overall dropout is very low.  Shoot me a PM if you want more info. I've been called up twice too. In 2014 and just last week. Same thing happened to me. I've never set foot in the High Court (where I was cited both times.)

It's actually really pissing annoying that I feel like I've wasted my employer's time and my own time getting the loss of earnings form sent to payroll, filled in and signed off only to not actually need it. I sent an apology to the payroll clerk on Friday and she basically said "we're used to it."

On the other hand I'm glad I don't have to go through my pay being deducted and all that but it still made me question the process. Not knowing where I was going to be in the morning for four days in a row was stressful. I'm lucky that I don't have any co-dependents, the whole process must be a nightmare if you have small children. First day back after a week off work/reddit. So.Fucking.Tired. Anyone used Pure gym on Hope St?  I use it, l like it as there is plenty of equipment. Usually not too busy. Can't advise re squat stuff though. Used to. Was decent. Big enough to never get too busy. Can you mind how many squat/power racks there are?  When you give the receptionist -really- specific instructions on your new prescription request and the Doctor gives you the wrong one anyway :x  Working an 8:30am-9:30pm day, send help. For a moment there I thought you were working a 1 hour shift.

Good luck. If only, if only...  Does anyone know any shops in the center or west end with a good selection of polish lagers? Tried the polish supermarket on Hyndland street but they didn't sell beer. Ta while I'm pretty sure one of those two shops does beer (did you look in both?) The Cave at Kelvinbridge is a good bet Weird, I got beer out of there for a mate of mine. Was either the shop or the deli, I can't remember. Is that the one just next to the quarter Gill?  Got woken at 4.30am by a man from the flat below me telling me that water is leaking into their flat from our flat. Turns out there must be a burst pipe below our kitchen floor and our kitchen and living room were flooded. Several hours later, we managed to mop it all up. Now time to move onto getting the water working again. 

Hope everyone else has a better start to their Sunday ðŸ‘ðŸ» Fuck that's awful. You got insurance to cover it?  I'm renting, but the landlord has insurance that should cover us. Hopefully it will cover  the people in the flats below us...

We managed to get a plumber in and he fixed it so we have water now. Fresh poached duck eggs for breakfast at my pals down in the borders. They have a gorgeous cottage, bees hens and ducks and a burn running through the garden- a wee slice of heaven.

I may or may not hit Zoopla later. It's a daddy daughter day! And we're going to a birthday party! There might be cake! was there cake?
 There were two cakes! No hangover today, yas! Shared three bottles of wine with the bestie last night. No hangover today. Guess who remembered to Water Up? :D     
Presently have salmon fillets marinading to make kinda-karaage (but with Salmon, obviously). Should make a delicious dinner. I partially Watered Up last night and I feel alright today. You are indeed a source of sage advice. I try ;) Ugh! Don't tell her that! It's bad enough everyone is embracing 3b's "statement piece with a pop of colour" concept. She doesn't need to think she's a hangover-curing, fashionista demigod.  My top hangover prep is a glass of rehydration salts (like Dioralyte) before bed and one in the morning. If the taste of that reminds you too much of being ill as a kid, try water, a packet of crisps & a bar of chocolate. Fluids, salt + sugar. The next day you'll be ready to take on the world! (although that might just be if you're like me last week and wake up still pished).   I did not water up, but I have no hangover either. Wine is miracle juice! Did need a breakfast roll, lucozade and a nap. And it's my tune of the day today. Today is a good day to be me. Now I know why we never chat about music... You take that back! Everyone needs some Pip in their life. Neverrrr! Realised last night that I quite like rum.  Uh oh. I discovered once that putting a shot of tia-maria in a pint of guinness was heaven on earth. However the hangover I had the next day was hell on earth. I had Baby Guiness' last night, which was Kahlua and Bailey's.  Yum! Must've took you a while to think about drinking that again.  Haven't touched one since. Yeah I found that out 2 weeks ago. It's been ok... So far. At least your username fits I take it the Manics gig was good last night? I tired running today. Went out for jog/walk and made it to 4k before my hips gave out. Fuck being fat.  I got a stitch walking down the road to the shop earlier. Last night certainly catching up on me. every one needs to start somewhere. keep going just the walking to start.  4km is still a really good effort! How long did it take you? Every inch counts! How long have you been walking/jogging? 40 minutes. Pretty slow.  Actually, that's a good pace for walking! It takes me 10min per km when walking, and I usually got for minimum 12km (when I am not being super lazy). :) day off work, got a shoulder injury from climbing, got told i could do light work...so that would be a 13 hour shift in a kitchen then. then some bastard text me at 8:30 this morn and woke me up... still angry about that one
 Utterly hate being in a job where I have to work weekends. Standing around like a soor plum with people I'd rather be a million miles away from.  Aye, at least I'm sitting though :/ Finished my last exam yesterday so now I have the fun task of finding a graduate job. Think ill get drunk today though! That sounds like a plan. It's Saturday! Was supposed to meet up with a friend I've not seen in about an year, Cunts decided Edinburgh is more exciting an gone there.

Cunt. Maybe this is part of the reason you haven't seen them for a year! It's not, but it fucking should be. Life's too short for shite friends, I've decided recently I'd rather have a few good friends which I can rely on rather than shite flakey friends.  Find people you want to hang around with! He lives down south so only see him on a flying visit usually, Bit pissed off as he arranged it like 3 months ago, Made sure I'd be off Today for some Whisky with him and off tomorrow to recover. Did he at least ask you to go to Edinburgh with him? Nope, Fucker changed his mind and took the family to Oban. Bin him off pal. He's more concerned about himself and it will always be that way I can assure you.

Had a supposedly good friend for years who was just like that and one day I woke up and thought to myself, *why am I allowing myself to be treated like this?*

Move on. I'm so sorry; he sounds very inconsiderate. Maybe it's time to re evaluate who is important to you? Dead in here the day, cunts must be getting a life! Hello all,

Last exam went well now I'm half pished in a lovely flat in Stockbridge in Edinburgh.  Last night also got pished and we played our own version of Don't Show Keith Your Teeth which was hilarious!  Off out Scran and Scally for some...Scran.

Hope you're all having a wonderful Saturday! Finally got a good nights sleep last night after a week of sleepless nights and afternoon naps.

oh well, it's Saturday. Back to bed. Had this horrible dream last night where I entered the Glencoe Marathon. 

Checks email... Oh fuck I did the Mamores half last year. It was awesome! Awesome. Was that trail as well?  Yeah, it's the same event just the 2nd half of the full route. Ahh right! When you were training did you have any trail routes around Glasgow?  We used Doughnut Hill (grim) near Dumbarton and Chatelherault in Hamilton. Tons stuff to do around the Campsies and Arrochar.  Oh wow that will be awesome! Hard but awesome!

I signed up for my first 10k last night. Currently struggle to run for more than a minute.  Good on you! You just slowly build it up and you'll get there. Set a new target for the end of each week and you'll see improvements in no time. It gets easier I promise  Thanks! My boyfriend is taking me out this weekend. Bit anxious about it but more because I don't want him to see how unfit I am. He's doing an ultra marathon this on Tiree this year so I think he'll find me frustratingly slow.  Download a couch to 10k app and do that. If you worry about speed it will probably just be miserable but slowly building up the distance will get you there.  I've got c25k and I know there is a 5 to 10k one, but am I best starting with c210k? Honestly I have no idea, I'm just parroting the normal advice cause I'm told it's a good way to start slowly. I guess either way probably works out roughly the same... Up to you. They'll probably start off similar. [It's my last exam today!](http://youtu.be/9jK-NcRmVcw)

Looking forward to 4pm so I can be free.  

Gutted I can't stay out with my pals for too long because I need to get the train to Edinburgh for a weekend away.  Should be a great day regardless! Enjoy your freedom! Thanks! best of luck. Thanks! Good luck! hope it goes well! Thanks! Exam day today. Feeling somewhat prepared but looking forward to it all being over.

Edit: Exam went well. Think I'll pass but not sure what grade I'll get. Good luck !! DO IT! Bit of Psychemagik at the Berkeley Suite tomorrow, should be dynamite! So a quiet one tonight and working from home Monday as a recovery!   Woke up at 7:40 this morning convinced for some reason I start at 8 (when I always start at 9), rush into town convinced I'm gonna be half hour late but it's not till I get to the office that I realised "wait a minute, I start at 9 not 8.... Well I sure feel stupid.  Never understood how this can happen. Do you not stop and think? I guess not, never happened before. Maybe drinking last night had something to do with it Apparently they were filming Trainspotting 2 outside my work. Feck sake, I always miss everything good.  Anyone got a pellet gun? Throwing stones at garden pests at 6am isnt working. Too late pal.

http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-36336837 > ficer, I do not!

Doesn't come into effect till 31 December 2016. How about a laser pen? Or a BIG torch? Or a super soaker  I want them gone not more annoyed! What kind of pests?  Ones that fly away before I can get them with heavy objects. Have you tried calling a professional company, who perhaps have a "technician" with an air rifle that can shoot and dispose of the pests? Todays a great day. The down-side of living in Italy is the whole open coffin thing.

creepy as fuck.  The down-side of living in Italy is the whole fuckin' bureaucracy thing. Want to buy a packet of cigarettes after 8pm? Carta d'identita please... Those machines are bastards and nobody warns you about them.  I've been to a couple of open coffin things in Glasgow. Not the funerals themselves, but the bit where you go round to the house the night before and they're there. Is that unusual? As I grew up, there wasn't the open coffin type wake. And the wake part of the wake was more about the living than about the dead. Especially the thirsty living. 

This one got me.

A friend, his daughter has grown up with my daughter.

Cancer spread to his lungs and he was brought home to die (5 months from hospital to coffin). 

He died last night and looked like he had been dead for a couple of years. Not if you've got an Irish family. Irish-ish.  Fionn Tomas Carroll reduced to fionnt for Reddit. Nah, no Irish there.   Got the first of my last 4exams today absolutely bricking it one im least prepared for. 
 Good luck! Good luck! You'll have prepared more than you think, just stay calm and read the questions. Mate nearly got caught out with a sneakily worded question the other day, he just managed to change his answer on time.  Good luck! I'm sure you'll ace it Booked myself a ticket to Riot Fest in Chicago as holy shit that line up is incredible. Now just need to find a way to pay for flights... MISFITS!

I'll be there too.  I've never really been a Misfits fan but will be cool to see them! Mainly excited for Morrissey, Brand New, Death Grips and The Dillinger Escape Plan. Such a sick line up already though The weather's gone shite again so I'm buggering off to Valencia for a week to eat my body weight in paella. My dad lives about 20 miles outside Valencia. Absolutely beautiful city, love it.  It's braw. Staying just outside Benimaclet. Been fighting anxiety for a year or two now. It'd fucked off for a good few months but a whole bunch of sudden stress at work has brought it back. Face has felt twitchy for the past few days, really off-putting. Ugh. have you been to the doctor for meds? it can make a massive difference to quality-of-life in my experience. I've had some therapy, and this most recent flare-up is much more bearable than it was 12 or 18 months back. If it gets worse I'll consider it, but I'd rather treat the causes rather than the symptoms, if that makes sense. I suffered from panic attacks daily as an adolescent and I had no idea what they were, and of course I didn't go to the Doc's. Anxiety has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember, esp social anxiety.

I read somehwere that getting physically strong(er) really assists with self confidence and abates anxiety, so as I don't really like public performances, the gym wasn't an option. I discovered Kettlebells, which I can do at home, and I fuckin' love swinging those things about in the living room.

To be fair, getting stronger and moving heavy metal objects really works for me personally and I feel a lot more confident and relaxed nowadays.

You don't have to get beefcake strong or go mad with bodybuilding. In fact you can get really quite strong without bulking out at all.

Something to ponder on perhaps? Although I have no idea if you are strong or not already :) 

Another great way I found to help reduce anxiety is just to get out of the house, even if you don't feel like it, and pop for a walk for at least 15 mins. Some music on the headphones is good and if its raining, even better! any good links relating to getting kettlebells and other lifting? it's been something ive been meaning to do for years now, i can't really stick in at the gym for more than a month at a time usually but think i would be better at focussing in the house. this is particularly important to me now that timehop is a thing and i can see how much weight i've put on, albeit very gradually... haha. /r/kettlebell - [Getting started link](https://www.reddit.com/r/kettlebell/comments/3qxa4i/new_to_kettlebells_start_here_updated_for_2015/)

/r/bodyweightfitness - [FAQ link](https://www.reddit.com/r/bodyweightfitness/wiki/faq)

Those should get you going. You can do either one of the other or mix them up depending upon what you enjoy. I've always hated and avoided exercise in general except for walking, so finding something which you enjoy doing is really important.

Happy to answer any additional queries on kettlebells if I can. I'm no expert but I've done a lot of reading on them.

Edit: There's also the /r/Fitness sub's [FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/wiki/faq) which has a lot of info on general fitness and some well established weight programmes if you want to do barbell work. The sub itself can be a bit of a cesspool though IMO. Aye, I took up yoga and swimming this year, and that's done more than anything to banish the negative thoughts, at least for the rest of the day. Meditation's pretty grand too, stick on www.di.fm's "Space Dreams" or Ambient channel and just chill.

I've spoken with my line manager, and he's basically said to take whatever breaks are necessary, if I need to go out for a walk to clear my head, just go. So that's pretty helpful! Sending positive vibes! Links fucked for tune of the day, needs fixed Fixed. Now is the time to shame /u/catwoman42 for submitting a dodgy link. I copied it direct from YouTube!! The link messaged to Steamiebot was: "https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4juv7l/the_steamie_wednesday_18_may_https://youtu.be/Vrc9wIvc4g82016/".

It accepted it since it has the https://youtu.be/ part. Thats a better tune. Agreed. It's a belter. The Associates were superb. Spending my day at home waiting on someone to swap out my meters. Turns out someone's made an arse of the appointment and no fucker is showing up to deal with it. Woo. anyone know where i could pick up some fresh thai basil in town, other than seewoo which is a bit out the way? Fairly sure Waitrose on Byres Road does it. no doubt, but i'm in the city centre. First Bus driver tooted at me when I parked on Great Western Road at 0931 (when the bus lane becomes parking). I decided just to join the right lane and do a U-turn to get out the way anyway. 

Am I a fanny for stopping or was I allowed to park there?  You should've got out and pished on the bus wheel to assert dominance of the situation.

Edit: Maintaining direct eye contact with the bus driver whilst pishing is also a must. Any thoughts on a night out in the Grand Ole Opry? I've heard the folk there take it pretty seriously but as long as you aren't taking the piss they welcome everyone. It's brilliant. Cheap drink, great atmosphere. You won't be able to get involved with the shoot out since you need to register with them and it's all done formally. Yeah don't take the piss. The people there are really into it. Once I saw a guy being almost forcibly removed after he yee hawed during the flag folding. 

Still, it's brilliant.  Can you describe what actually goes on in there? I'd always thought it was just folk dressed up in cowboy gear and that's all. It sounds mad, in a good way. On the inside it's a massive hall with a big dance floor and stage. The wall's got a massive painted scene like the old West. A lot of people are dressed up in full cowboy regalia and saunter about like they've spent too long on a horse. 

Functionally, it's like a miners pub a wee bit. Cheap drink, low music, long benches. Depending on the night there's bingo, line dancing (where, like a ceilidh, people teach you the dance), or the shoot out. The shoot out is great fun. They stand on the dance floor at 20 paces and do a quick draw. 

Then the lights dim and the music starts up again (if you're lucky they'll have a live band) and it becomes a dance hall for the rest of the night. Then they finish off by doing the American trinity, and folding up flags while singing. 

It's a brilliant night. People are friendly as hell and out to have a good time.  Apparently it's cheap as chips for drinks.

I spoke to my dancing pals as they went for some band which was playing not too long ago, just don't take the piss and you will be fine.  Apparently if they really like a song they will take over the dancefloor though.

I knew a guy in my old job who goes there on Saturdays and I can confirm they take it seriously.  This is pretty much what I've heard. The cheap bevy and the novelty of it being something different from your average night out appeals to me. I also want to take part in the mock shootout. That's my real reason for going. Last full day of revision and so far I have lazed about and packed my outfits for my weekend away.  Off to the gym in half an hour so no reading will be done before then.

I have lost all motivation for exam number 10 tomorrow. I've got leathered the past two nights in a row - I'm really feeling it today. Your comment inspired me to grab a beer, cheers.  Was kept awake by a fly dive bombing me last night. I googled ways to try and get it out of my flat. I ended up luring it into the living room and spraying lots of Raid before slamming the door shit. Too tired to go out tonight so Woody Allen and an early night. Edit- the fly is now taunting me by walking across the duvet and evading the fly spray I got an email recently to say I've been selected for BTs assessment centre for their software programme, after applying for this in October.  Big companies take bloody ages.

On the plus side I get to enjoy Belfast for the day as they had nothing closer (!) so if anyone has suggestions about what to do in Belfast for a day hit me up.

I also keep wanting to plan shit to do in Belfast and/or interview prep instead of revising for this absolutely shit exam.  It's supposed to be about computing in business but it's literally nonsense.  Only 2 days left! Nice!  Is it the Grad Scheme?  BT's is meant to be quite good! Yes, it's the grad scheme!  They are surprisingly vague about what exactly goes on in it but I've heard good experiences from people who've worked for them and I thought a big company would be good experience (only worked for smallish ones until recently).   Bus driver just waving cunts on for free today. That got me thinking - the bus has a fair few adverts plastered across it saying that you could get fined Â£50 if you don't buy the right ticket. Does anyone here actually know anyone who has been slapped with this fine? How do they expect to enforce it without your name, address or any other identifying details other than you asked for a 1.20 and stayed on past yer stop? I think the inspector would ask for your name and address when they go to issue the fine, but there's nothing stopping you giving fake details. I used to do that back down south when I bunked the train. Don't try it on a copper giving you a fine though, tried that and regretted it... I've done it for a drinking in the street fine. Twice. Got away with it both times. I'll probably not chance a third.  I was tempted to do it. Just tell them you don't have your wallet on you so no idea and what can they do about it?  I tried that then they noticed my wallet sticking out of my pocket when I'd told them I didn't have ID on me. I think I could of said it's nothing and they'd of had no right to stop and search but I wasn't sober and didn't think of that >  they'd of had no right to stop and search

Which would hardly stop them. 

During the dozens and dozens of times I've been randomly stopped and searched by the police as a teenager only a few times did they ask permission, and on those few times it was made clear that refusing permission would result in my arrest (this was probably bollocks, but it worked).  ACAB Or telling them to pish off, I imagine. In all my 15 or so years of getting buses around EK and Glasgow I've never seen one of these ticket inspectors I used to see them all the time going from city centre to Cardonald in the morning. Always checking all the packed in students tickets. One time I used them as an excuse to take off my ear phones and chat to the girl next to me, 12 years later we are nearly married 2 years.  I've seen them a few times, never seen or even heard of anyone having to do anything more than pay their fare though. 

I can't imagine the fines are particularly enforceable - "I'll just get off here, no you can't get my name and address". I've only seen one, must be very rare Happened quite a lot during the commonwealth games.  I've been commuting with first bus for almost 6 years and it's happened about 4 times. 3 of those times it happened in the same week, I'm guessing they target route periodically.

Wouldn't surprise me if ticket inspectors are part timers or on short term contacts. I doubt first bus are constantly sending out ticket inspectors. Aries: Today you will have some unexpected weight loss and an encounter with a ticket inspector.  I had the wrong ticket on my phone for months and one time on the 75 this inspector noticed and just made me pay the fair for the single and told me to call up and get my ticket changed. No fine or anything Off to Arran with some good friends till Sunday. One of them has a holiday home there, looking forward to doing naturey shit and also fuck all. Blind Guardian were everything I ever wanted and more last night, absolutely unreal. The date went well. There will be a second date.  What was his statement piece?! Obviously the most important part of any date. He went for the pop of colour with a light blue shirt. He was quite tall though, so maybe that was his statement piece? And yours? Black/white coat, and a rose gold triple layered necklace.  I can picture you both now. [Lovely looking couple](http://i.imgur.com/D0A23mr.jpg). Now that red neckerchief is both statement piece AND pop of colour! Well done to that man! I'd never heard of a statement piece until /u/bibbitybobbetyboo mentioned it a few weeks back. Now I'm hearing about them all the time. She's made it into one of the official sub in jokes! Definitely up there with pishy Playstations and Billy Fucking Joel. BibbetyBoppityBaderMeinhoff! In effect I am pleased for you that you date went well. However I am disappointed that there is no mirthful commentary on a man-boy making a fool of his heritage.

I guess I'll just have to get a life of my own now that things are looking up for you eh?!

:) Sorry to disappoint :(    
There were cats though? :D I'm happy for you! :)

Cat's too! That's my kind of date. Global Reddit Meetup Day is a thing at the end of June. Is that something /r/Glasgow would like to be involved in? If someone wants to organise something and make an official-ish sounding post, I'll sticky it. I organised one last year, was alright /u/sevenofk9 has organised a few of them, apparently. I seem to recall the sub has met up for this day last year or the year before.

I seem to get the impression that some people think subscribing to /r/glasgow isn't enough of a talking point for a meet up, I can see where they are coming from (although I don't wholly agree, I met up with the ladies for the book club which was fun and drunken). book club's a different thing though I guess, because you're meeting up for a reason other than "we aw post on the steamie", you know? i would probably be worried about showing up and not having a lot to say. then again, i think like 60% of the sub users work in software development, haha. Given that people have been talking with each other in the steamie since last year, would have thought folk would know a bit about others on the subreddit. Yeah, we met up last year (and the 2/3 years before).  Don't over think it, it just some pints in the pub, meet new drinking mates an' all that. > Don't over think it

Solid life advice. No books were actually discussed during the meetup... I could greet my computer in work decided to do a wee factory reset by itself, I've lost years of appointments, deposits, programmes, customer details, artwork. Not to mention I cannae install my bastard printer. I know I'm to blame for having no external back up but still I could actually greet!  Your data might still be on the drive. Was it on a separate partition? I have a recovery hard drive apparently can't access it, currently waiting on a recovery programme to see if it can fix it.  Joys! I lost my personal laptop a few month ago so should have known better  I have woken up in a manky flat in Edinburgh with a hangover that would have made George Best reconsider his choices. It's like the last three years of sorting my fucking life out didn't happen, and it's utterly terrifying. Everyone needs a reminder.  Bask in the horror and back to normal tomorrow. Made the train. Hot bath when I get home to purge the shame. I wonder if hangovers actually do get worse as you age, or if I just no longer have the resolve required to fight them.

Leith is much nicer than I remember it being, but I did manage to pay Â£4.50 for a crayfish roll then immediately remembered why I don't live there anymore. > actually do get worse as you age, or if I just no longer have the resolve required to fight them

A mixture of both I feel, magnified by having to see people on way to work etc if it's a midweek one. If I had a superpower, I think I'd make it so I could go out of phase with everyone else, like in that Star Trek episode. Perfect for days like today. I find my hangovers easier to handle the older I have gotten. That being said, I always Water Up. Did your remember to Water Up? They are getting continually worse for me, been drinking what feels like more water than beer on some nights out.

May as well just spend the evening in the bogs. I had a beer before bed. It's mostly water, right? It's just alcoholic soggy bread, really :/ Didnt bring a jacket to work cos it was sunny and im a short-term thinking wank stain. Gonna get soaked later, I can feel it in my plums. 

Fuck it my phones waterproof it's cool. http://youtu.be/YaN4ebwZy1U Anybody else seeing Blind Guardian tonight? Aye, can't wait Hoping that they do their early stuff, not to big on their stuff that came out in the last 15 years. Would be good, mate, but they'll probably plug Beyond the Red Mirror for the most part and play 2-3 crowd songs to finish the set. Yep, unfortunately. I've always wanted to be in the crowd for The Bard's Song, though Oh god aye. Power out a work cause of a gas explosion on Buchanan street - interesting start to the day Went to the Spiritualists restaurant tonight. Best food I've had in ages and fairly reasonable too Defending my PhD thesis today. Hope it goes well!

Edit: Now Dr /u/timlardner, subject to a couple of minor corrections.  Congrats Doctor! Now I have this rash I was wondering if you could take a look at... Congratulations! 'grats! Good luck! What's the thesis? "New Algorithms for Non-Destructive Evaluation". Basically looking at new ways to inspect structures with ultrasound. Good luck! Rock out, but keep your cock in, at least until you get tenure. whats your phd in ? Electronic and Electrical Engineering. Looking at new ways of inspecting structures with ultrasound. 
i know a guy that done that... then seen your name... then remembered that night we tossed a midget onto a bouncy castle  Midget tossing is a serious business. I miss the bouncy castle shenanigans.  also a dentist is not a real doctor I assume that was directed at /u/timlardner as I can barely finish a yes yes it was 
 Sandwich? Good luck - I'm sure you'll be fine! No idea what kind of advice you've been given before, but a couple of things that got me through mine were:

* Keep in mind that it's not an interview. It's a conversation about your work. Be objective and acknowledge where you made mistakes and point out exactly what you'd do differently.

* It's the easiest exam you'll ever sit. You wrote it yourself.

Good luck! Good advice, that's what my supervisors have been telling me in preparation for my viva at the end of the year. 

Congrats on the pass! Thanks! It was five years ago, but congratulations for that sort of thing don't have an expiry date.

What's your thesis on? Cheers man, good advice.  Congratulations Doc!

Any ideas what's in store for the future? We may need to start a coup to remove you from the moderators group if you decide to leave for pastures new. Cheers!

I've got a postdoc position at Strathclyde so I'm not going anywhere for now. You're stuck with me for a bit :) I had my first paying customer tonight (I am a counsellor) I qualified at the end of last year. Feels good!  Off to Edinburgh for work today. Missed my train and now I'll be getting to work an hour late. Yay.     
On a positive note, have a date in Edinburgh after work - can confirm, am wearing a statement piece and pop of colour.  It better be the furry hat. It is not the furry hat - saving that for Date No. 2 ;) Optimistic! Hope it goes better than your last date. I'll keep y'all up to date!     
(That being said, I don't have a good feeling about it at all....) Presumably he's from Edinburgh, so it's already off to a terrible start. Yep :/ I work in Edinburgh, if you need saved, give the Secret Weegie signal. What's the Secret Weegie signal? Chibbing them My minds eye sees [this](http://i.imgur.com/X5KvM0p.jpg) kind of statement piece.

Hope the date goes well! Cheers! But I am going for more [this](http://www.91x.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/Crazy-hat-4.jpg) style of statement piece - a tad more feminine. Who doesn't love a fried breakfast? I think you've chosen a winner! The way to a mans heart etc etc ;) Going to have the baby brother stay over for a couple of weeks so we can prepare him for his driving test at the end of the month. I am now a cantankerous old bag who resents having guests as it messes with my routine. Boo. Is anyone playing Doom by the way? I'd like to relieve the 90's where I took on the hordes of hell aged 9 but won't bother if the game is a dud.  GLORIOUS, IT'S GLORIOUS!! I love it. Pretty fast paced, and doesnt try to go for a convoluted story. Press start, kill zombies. Excellent, I might give it a look in when payday rolls in. Doom 3 didn't do a lot for me when it came out as I felt it was trying too hard when the reason I loved the original was because it was about as barebones as you could get.   I've got the week off and I've been getting stuck into Fallout New Vegas. It's magic, really funny as well. I'm going to  be starting fallout new vegas this week. That's if I can stop replaying skyrim. I finally started Fallout 4 at the weekend. Seems not bad, its my first game in the series but seems pretty good so far.  I've only played Fallout 3 before this one, and it took me an embarrassingly long time to figure out that bottle caps were money...  Someone has spray painted some racist comments on the village shop. Arseholes. Worst hangover in years and a chatty taxi driver has made my Monday morning pretty grim. Bleugh. Protein, gatorade and naps - stat! Had that on Sunday there. Me and my mates left a flat party (got picked up at 7:30) and the guy was absolutely gagging for a chat whilst we were all fucking dying. I am having one of my regular periods of existential dread and general angst relating to my job, life and the inevitability of death. Typical Monday. Hopefully all good in the morning ! Get into the office to find my colleague is quitting at the end of the week (4 weeks before the end of the project we're working on). Doubt they're gonna bother to get a replacement 4 weeks before the end of this job so I'm worried I'm gonna end up having to do both our jobs (which would be hell).  Shit rolls down hill, so the earlier you get a meeting with your boss to ask them how they are going to fix the gap in personnel the better. If no new staff are to be found, they'll have to push the end date of the project out to give you more time. If you don't have that conversation early,  they can (and will) do the whole "ignoring the problem" thing whilst your life becomes unbearable.  Follow up any commitments or decisions from the meeting in writing. Book your holidays now too...  Well I'm only on a temp contract so I wouldn't mind them extending me! She hasn't told them yet so I'll wait for that to happen New board game arrived over the weekend, so off into town today to give it a shot.

Studying first though. What game? Yomi 2nd edition. Bought one of the 4 pack sets on sale recently. I have a day off today which is pleasant. Is there anything decent on, any exhibitions or shit? If not, my just buy a paper and go and sit in kelvingrove. i'm going to take my mum to cosmo ceramics.
you can come with us
 Can I come too? I've nothing on either and I just put on a clean pair of socks. yeah the more the merrier
1 seat left in the car if anyone else wants to come
 sold. Hi I tried making a thread here yesterday but I think it got deleted.

Does anyone know where I could donate/sell 19 bottles of 500ml Diet Coke?

I gave up on fizzy drinks and don't know what to do with them. You could always use the coke to [clean your toilet bowl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U22suBkohC4).

There are [loads of other things](http://www.reshareable.tv/25-practical-uses-coca-cola.html) you can use it for too ... Maybe a homeless shelter/charity like The City Mission?  I'm sure they would take them. Sat the first of my 3 certification exams at 9:30 this morning. I passed! Will book exam 2 soon and take it from there, after that I took the bike for a nice run and enjoyed the weather. What are you certifying for? I work in I.T. so it Microsoft certifications.  Every time you certify the release new products and you do it all over again, lol got 2 days off. 
hardly any spare money :( 
what can i do? btw been to kg a goma like a million times Scrape a fiver together and go to Sharmanka. It's awesome. > Sharmanka.

What is this, I've never heard of it in my puff It's a collection of kinetic sculptures set to music and lighting, all made from scrap and automated electromechanically. All made by a man who spent much of his life until the eighties living behind the iron curtain. It's like nothing else. Sounds quality, will be paying a visit for sure. Certainly one of my most interesting experiences in Glasgow.  I keep trying to persuade people to give it a shot but alas it hasn't worked so far. I see that Sikh temple is finally opening today. Saw a couple of lads walking along the street all done up in the gear heading towards it, so I says to them "Alright boys, are youse Sikhs?", to which one replied "nah I'm 10, he's 8." They had a big mad parade for it, their own 'security' team helped keep a lane clear on Sauchiehall St (to the west of charing cross) to allow traffic to flow meaning there was a minimum number of police presence, very well organised.   Some fat disaster in Temple shouted 'arsehole!' at me while I was out on my bike this morning. I was almost tempted to shout something back, but I think the fact I'll probably outlive him by 30 years is revenge enough. I want to move house. Some cunt screamed at me yesterday because I was on the road and not a shitty shared cycle path / pavement. Burst my arse catching him at a set of lights to have a proper go at him. Felt good!  well use the lane, it's there for a reason, if you don't your just a cunt The roads there for a reason. Why should I put pedestrians at risk by cycling on a shared pavement when there's a perfectly good and wide road there. Cycle paths can be great when they're done properly. But many around Glasgow aren't and using them is unsafe either for the cyclist or pedestrians. 

Cycle paths exist for good reason, but I'm not any less entitled to be on the road when I'm cycling than I am when I'm driving. 

Ignorant cunts like you that think otherwise are just another part of the problem.  you complain when you don't have them, you complain when you do.  Council pay taxpayers money to make them so use them

as for unsafe, can't be any unsafer than using the road you know with knobhead drivers.  btw i'm not one and like to cycle, guess where, on cycle lanes when i;m supposed to I complain when I don't have them and complain when I do?! 

Ah, wait, you're referring to all cyclists as one group of people that think the same about everything

Tax payer's money gets used for a lot things, like the education system, and you've clearly not got much use out of that so why should I use all cycle lanes at all times? 

There is nothing that says you're supposed to use every shitty cycle path that exists regardless of its condition or safety so stop talking pish about what people are supposed to do. I'll keep cycling where it's safest. You keep being a cunt. We'll be fine.  If only more cyclists had your attitude, I hate seeing the cunts riding on the pavements Never knew that area to the north west of the cross was called Temple... Always just called it "that bit near Anniesland where Next Gen was."   You learn a new thing every day! Watched Eurovision last night. Graham Norton was plenty snarky, so we got wasted just listening to him talk. I thought it was a shame there were no proper joke acts, but Australia on the edge of winning the whole thing was funny. Now I'm hungover and life is hell.  Ukraine's 2007 act will always have a place in my heart. The joke acts are the only reason I ever watch Eurovision. Taking a trip to Edinburgh zoo today. It sounds mundane written down but I like captive animals with little to no freedom in questionable conditions.

Cannae beat it. Did you see the sloth that smells like popcorn? No, but I did see a monkey getting really angry at some straw. did a hen kick it? The march of the penguins is good! The march was alright. I liked the pigs. I find Edinburgh zoo to actually be one of the better ones, especially with the new enclosures they are putting in. Oh. That's a shame. My dancing pal is holding an event in the Pollockshields Playhouse today which is free entry, so I'm heading along for the afternoon once I've finished my chores for today. Dreading work so much tomorrow I've applied for a debt collection agency.  Jesus, you know you've hit rock bottom when you are applying to the bailiffs. don't it will tear away your self-esteem, i know we all need money byt that shit ain't worth it,  i worked in sales 11 years ago and it destroyed my soul being made to lie to hit targets Have to go to a tech meetup this week as part of my college course. Anyone here going to this [mobile dev meetup](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/glasgow-mobile-developers-meetup-tickets-24348238236?aff=ebrowse)? Feeling awful all day with the stomach flu. Projecting through both ends, lethary, chills, the full works.

Too weak to head to the shops and plumped for just-eat. Really hope this Chinese doesn't finish me off. Hope you feel better soon drink plenty of fluids! Went another wee cycle down to Bowling, so another thanks to whoever posted about the free Nextbike subscription a few weeks back. No doubt my arse and knees won't be thankful in the next few days. Was a glorious day for a cycle.  Went to El Barrio last night. Best club in town. People actually having a good time and enjoying the company of others.  Curious about the downvotes - but I'd always have assumed el barrio was fuckin pish based on the fact it looks like an extremely tacky novelty gaff from the outside. I am definitely surprised to hear its decent. What's the inside like? Where is it? > El Barrio

Merchant City, across from Bar home and Arta, next to O'neills The mrs asked me the other day to clean the car. So I dismantled it to machine polish the paint, and the whole shebangs taken me four days. Thatll teach her! Wait... Watched Creed last night. Kept on gettin something in my eyes. Think it's called emotion.  Arms Wide Open brings me to tears as well. Off to the wrestling in Paisley tonight. Billy Gunn is on the card. Can't wait! Been to Edinburgh and back for reasons. By christ I'm glad we're not popular with the tourists.

Also, while walking down Rose St, there were three different buskers playing Wonderwall at the same time. Was this by Rose St and Renfrew St? That's my area Happy World Tonic day to all, couldn't be a better day to sink some wreck the hoose juice! Came home at a reasonable hour last night, feels good. Didn't rinse the bank account and left when the night was good rather than pushing the boat out and sobering up Sunday night and in a heap of debt. 5 hours ago? Were you just up or still up? Still up that's me awoke noo and it's a pinger of a day The hangover is real. Fuck. Months after buying it I finally have some free time to play fallout. After boring clothes shopping though.  my mum is down for a few days to make my life hell/ down to visit, it's hard to tell the difference. 
what can i do with her. got dodgy knees so can't walk too far. do have a car so getting about is okay.
ideas please. helensburgh, visit hill house and a tearoom. minimal walking but plenty of scope for general moaning about the state of everything these days. Polonium in her tea? she just asked what i am laughing at
 your in the bad books mate.  Stuck in waiting for the gas man, so having to sun myself through the open living room window instead :/ I have just made *the* nicest chicken and corn soup *ever*. So delicious. recipe pls There's two ways to make it - a quick version, and a longer (tastier) version.    
     
**Quick Version**     
     
4 cups chicken stock     
4 cups water     
1 tbsp soy sauce     
2 tsp minced ginger     
400g cooked, shredded chicken breast     
1 can creamed style corn     
2 tbsp cornflour     
1/4 cup water     
2 eggs, whisked     
          
Large pot: Add stock, Water, Soy, Ginger, bring to boil.     
Add corn and chicken.     
Whisk water and cornflour in a separate jug.     
Add two labels of soup to cornflour and stir through.     
Add cornflour mix to soup and stir     
Bring to boil.     
Stir soup, and slowly dribble in egg, whilst boiling.     
Eat.     
     
 
     
         
**Long Version**     
        
4 cups chicken stock     
4 cups water     
1 tbsp soy sauce     
2 tsp minced ginger     
400g chicken breast     
1 can creamed style corn     
2 tbsp cornflour     
1/4 cup water     
2 eggs, whisked     
          
Large pot, cover raw chicken with water.     
Bring to boil.     
Throw out water, and clean pot.     
Add chicken back to pot, add  stock, Water, Soy, Ginger, bring to boil.     
Pop on lid, reduce to simmer, simmer for an hour.     
Remove chicken and shred.     
Add chicken back to pot.     
Add corn.     
Bring to boil.     
Whisk water and cornflour in a separate jug.     
Add two labels of soup to cornflour and stir through.     
Add cornflour mix to soup and stir.     
Bring to boil.     
Stir soup, and slowly dribble in egg, whilst boiling.     
Eat.      thanks!

What should I do with the egg once I've dribbled in it? Barely slept the past few days and I need to study for my last exam. Also working all weekend so that's gonna be fan daby dosy. On a more positive note, my resignation is handed in ready to leave retail for good (hopefully)! 

I've also forgot my earphones.  When is the last exam? Tuesday morning Cool, plenty of study time left :P. All the best mate! Aha yeah I would do if it wasn't for the working weekend! Got shit to do for my new job by Monday as well. I'm sure I'll survive, though, I'm just another grumbling student. Cheers, mate! I jacked in retail after leaving college. Good fucking riddance to that industry. It's a great feeling, enjoy :) When I got a new job and got out of retail I dumped a piece of uniform in the bin every night after I got home. On the last night I dumped all of the rest of the uniform including the shoes in the bin. Felt amazing. Two months after I left the administrators came in and closed the store. Lucky escape. Cheers! I've been at my current place for 4 and a half years, which means I'm essentially one of the veterans lol. I may need to go back next year, all depends on how my placement works out.  Yass! Work day out today straight out from 12 avoid me if you meet me, I'll be the rubber man bouncing down union Street. Merry autumn, everyone! Ghostface Killah at St Lukes for this bear the night. Looking forward to it. Sorry to be annoying but there's a typo on the word submitted in the Tune of the Day section.  Driving me mental. How? What's wrong with iiiiit?  Nothiing. Haha, well spotted. [Fixed](https://github.com/maaarghk/SteamieBot/commit/6979d3fb68178b333278eb5d1fd3c81b61715f41) Thanks!

EDIT: Also honoured that I am now immortalised in a commit to github over a typo. The one day of the week where we can dress down at work and its not warm enough to wear shorts. Least it's relatively dry so far... (famous last words) I've been complaining about it all week...but where did the sun go? :((( At least it's not cold outside.  It's the weekend tomorrow, obviously there won't be any sun then. We only get it weekdays. Back where it belongs :D Australia? You reckon it'll come back for a bit if we ask nicely? I didn't move to Scotland for sunshine, sir! You'll not be disappointed. Summers over it'll be back next year Jehovahs Witnesses are now venturing out as far as Cessnock subway! My mate lives in Cessnock and keeps getting harassed by them. Odd bunch I live there too and it's the first time I've seen them! Thank fuck it's Friday. What are y'all up to over the weekend?    
I just have a fuckload of cleaning and laundry to do, and absolutely zero exciting things planned.     
Help me live vicariously. First weekend in a while where I'm not spending the day out at an event or going out with friends.

Got studying, business emails and housework to get done though. Jiu-jitsu tomorrow, then visiting the family to annoy my nephew, then Celtic game on Sunday with my uncle. Should be a buzz.  Going to a party tomorrow to play drinking games along with Eurovision. Gonna get tanked and listen to the best crap music around. Two of my pals are getting married in Edinburgh tomorrow, then I'm off work for a week. Need it, I'm feeling a bit burned out to be honest.

Said pals are driving through today and just sent me a picture of me driving behind them on University Avenue, didn't spot them at all despite apparently frantic waving. Apparently I'm here in body today, but my mind is still in bed. Gig tomorrow night and thats it, only worked 2 days last week so pay is pretty low today. Need to make the Â£60 I have left after paying my rent last What's the gig? Future Of the Left & Rolo Tomassi at St. Lukes. Gonna be weird seeing those bands play a church I wish I could've gone to FotL, they're fucking amazing live. And on record actually. Just one of the most underrated bands around. Saw them the last two times they were in Glasgow and both times they were just brilliant, Falco does banter like noone else! Still tickets on the door if you can somehow make it, gonna be sweet. Rolo Tomassi are one of the UK's best bands right now too I'd have my ticket already if I didn't have a wedding to attend! Have yet to listen to the new record, I'm assuming it's brilliant though? It's a grower, only given it two full listens but its solid. Maybe not as good as the first two or the last one Not a fan of The Plot Against Common Sense?  It's got some absolute wicked songs (especially Robocop) but I think its their weakest record. Not that its still not cool though Going as well, still not been to St Lukes so looking forward to it. Ouch - how long does it have to last you? Just till next Friday, only thing I need to pay for is some food and some rum at the gig tomorrow. Should be fine tbh yeah, you'll be fine! If worst comes to worst, ramen isn't *that* bad... I've got the joy of ripping up some hard wood flooring. Not going to be fun. Busted or Pete Doherty, hmm. That's a difficult decision. /s I do find it amusing that Busted called it the Pigs Can Fly tour. Anyone else get one of the free nextbike subs and clueless as to how to get the fecking thing to work? Aye. Which bit are you having trouble with? Can't even log in to the app. Then yesterday I got a text from them which said, rather obliquely "Dear Customer. In order to get your customer card: please let us know when you completed your address details. Kind regards, nextbike".  I found it really confusing at first. Not sure about the customer card thing though. I dont even think you need a customer card. You can just confirm your payment details by linking a card to the account. It debits a Â£1 from your account but it gets it working straight away.  Can you log into the website? Download the app and drive it from there! I put this up on the /r/motouk board last week - https://www.reddit.com/r/MotoUK/comments/4i0063/glasgow_meetup_ride_out/. 

In case anybody here doesn't frequent there and wants to come along we are meeting from Showcase just off the A8/M8 from 10am and leaving at 10:30am. We will be taking back roads so people riding on a CBT are welcome. Hope everyone has a good weekend! I'm well chuffed. Got a half day at work. Headed north for some mountain biking. I'm a little gutted I can't make the motoUK ride tomorrow but either way. It's all good. But the best news of today for me is that: My flat mate the sex pest money laundering prostitute has gone. Woop woop!  *My flat mate sex pest money laundering prostitute*

Pretty sure there is a story somewhere there!  How is yer maw? What happened to the people that used to meet up from here every Friday?  It kinda died out. There's an /r/glasgow [Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/248411455176188/) where folk sometimes meet up for pints but I've not seen a post in a while. I might be the last person in Britain not on Facebook. Drinks are always good (Although I may also be the oldest person on here...) Samiyam at stereo later but I might be too tired to go. Hmm
. That's a blast from the past!! Sitting outside with my maw, enjoying a choc ice. Reminds me of my youth.

Choc ices are tiny now btw!  First here! Going to lnverness for work today. Back home today. Early start. Fortunately Sara Cox on radio 2. More music, less gabbing. Hope everyone has a good day. There and back in a day, brutal. But I do love coming into Glasgow on the train. Always good to get back. How was Inverschneckie? It was very cold!And very busy; train back was hoaching. There are good charity shops.I got a lovely dress. I got a direct train there, but had to change at Perth on the way back. Perth is such a dismal station! My granny used to warn me and my sister to watch out for the "vandals" that hung around near the bridge. 

There was a three hour wait between the arrival of the train from Glasgow and the departure of the post bus to middle-of-fucking-nowhere bit of Wester Ross where my grandparent's lived.
Sister and I went hunting for these vandals to see if they were scary. A no show on their part.

Never trust grannies.  If I'd known that today it might have been a more interesting journey! Perth station is so windswept I felt like Cathy waiting for Heathcliff! 




 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxZiDQ6Iw5s Thank you! It is one of my all time favourite songs. I totally look windswept and gorgeous like Cathy! >[**Kate Bush - Wuthering Heights [4:29]**](http://youtu.be/NxZiDQ6Iw5s)

> [*^Typhoon*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCElbtwfSJfum3QVp2Yftp9w) ^in ^Music

>*^405,953 ^views ^since ^Oct ^2008*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index) Feeling absolutely knackered on day 4 of cycling to work. I know eventually I'll push through it but feck me I'm tired right now.  Make sure you're eating enough calories, unless you're going for the fat loss thing. If you're not supplying enough calories to your body you will quickly become exhausted.

I only know this as I recently burned myself out because I thought I would lose a bit of weight by skipping breakfast despite doing kettlebell workouts every other day. Christ I felt awful for a few weeks after. Its getting the weight off that I am going for but I am trying to make sure I eat well. Plenty of protein and fats while trying to cut down on the mounds of carbs and sugar.  Cutting down on the carbs and replacing with good fats will see you lose weight no problem anyway. Are carbs the bad guys and what counts as good fats? Have so much weight to lose and struggling.... Carbs are generally the bad guys, but you need some in your diet.

Cut out refined sugars first. Sugar, sweets, choc, biscuits etc.

Good fats are naturally occurring fats such as fats in meat, olive oil, coconut oil, butter. Vegetable oils are crap as they have to be industrially extracted.

By eating more good fats you will naturally feel less hungry.

Have a look at the paleo diet over at /r/paleo or if you want to lose a lot of weight quicker by going very low carb for a while: /r/keto , both have good FAQ's. How far is your cycle? Its nearly 4 miles each way. Mornings are uphill though. Its more that I am not used to that level of consistent workout. I am used to being in the gym which is very stop start.  

Anyone use Strava at all or Fitocracy? Strava for running. I keep forgetting to turn it on for cycling. Do the segment challenges apply to cycling as well. Yeah it does, its handy at least as I have been able to see even a small improvement in speed over the the past couple of days.  I'm on Strava but not gonna tell you my username as it's my real name! :) Sssh so's mine :S 150 yards. I accidentally left my blinds open when I went to bed and now I'm awake. Shit. I keep waking up at 5 if I happen to sleep on my right side as that's where all the windows are.  This has happened a lot this week. Get some blackout curtains, I got a set for full tenement height windows from Ikea for about 30-40 quid or so.  My blinds generally work, it's just been particularly bright this week! Blinds + blackout + regular curtains = bliss.

Summer is coming. 4:30 sunrises are imminent & my bedroom faces east. Same. Me three! What's wrong with us?! I have today to revise for two exams tomorrow, that I know nothing about. Although, the exam yesterday went well! I have tickets for Father John Misty tonight, but got the ticket before my exam timetable so I'm a bit gutted that I won't be able to go. I'll take those tickets off your hands if you don't have a buyer. Had no idea he was playing today. I've only got the one ticket but you can take it if you want! Hey, I'm interested, let's move to PMs? Sent you a PM ðŸ˜Š You can't know nothing about them surely? *... Jon Snow!* Bloody Olly Fuck olly Fuck Melisandre, wait ...  Aye, glad to see what happened Monday I have written the notes just have to learn it all. And I honestly feel like nothing went in when I was writing the notes! Jings, which subjects? Two economics exams. Upside is that after tomorrow I never have to touch economics again! Well, I hope you get on as well as can be expected. Usual advice applies, read each question twice before answering in case they try to trip you up with linguistics. Even if you finish early and think you can't do any more, use your time  to go over what you've done. Don't leave, as you may remember something important. > Usual advice applies, read each question twice before answering in case they try to trip you up with linguistics.

I have to second this. I am studying for an exam on Monday and doing practice tests the amount of questions saying "Blah Blah, pick 2 that are **not** steps for..." or something like that and the not can get missed in a hurry! Good Luck!  I think you'll find you know more than you think you do.

If in doubt, make some acronyms. Thank you! Already made two acronyms and will probably add some more to it later Acronyms work well.

The OSI model layers; Please Do Not Throw Sausage Pizza Away.

* **P**hysical
* **D**ata link
* **N**etwork
* **T**ransport
* **S**ession
* **P**resentation
* **A**pplication Wow, thanks for that.  That's a good one. You really never know when a life or death situation may arise that you need to remember the OSI model by heart.

Top tip! Embarrassingly ours was Always Pick Sexy Tarts Not Dumb Prostitutes . I studied in less enlightened times.... I worked in electronics about 17 years ago and the phrase to remember the restistor value colour bandings was both racist, sexist and mysogynistic in one. I'm not going to repeat it on here. Did electrical+mechanical engineering at Strathclyde, one of the lecturers gave us that as well. Lets be honest, saying somehing like that to 18 year old students will get them to remember.

Its like when explaining to folk who dont know how a four stroke engine works; "suck, squeeze, bang, blow". There, thats you remembered. Aye, I did EEE at Strathy. Think it was one of the lab techs that taught it to us. Chapman told us one of them. His strengths incredible. Yeah, I'd quite like to remember resistor colours in a different way but I know the same mnemonic. 

I was never taught the racist bit though - we just had to remember that the first colour was black. I was taught it a **P**rincess **D**i **N**ever **T**otally **S**ucked **P**rince **A**ndrew...so yeah...and also 10 years in I.T. and can't remember what they do! Man....I have not heard that in years. I also can no longer remember when most of those layers do....and I work in IT. I remember it from my Networking Essentials MCP exam and no, I can't remember what most of them do and I also work in IT. Haha I have never heard anyone say "There is a problem with the transport layer." When John Smith died, the real Labour Party died with him sadly.  The Doors Alive are playing  on the ferry tonight  at Anderston Quay Do I win a prize for being the 1st named and shamed for picking today's tune? 

I thought we could all benefit from some Swedish hair metal of a morning.  Yngwie Malmsteen is neo-classical/power metal. Don't start.  It's true though. This clearly isn't power metal, though by default because it's Yngwie it's obviously going to have plenty of neo-classical elements to it. But look at it - 4 done-up guys in ridiculous spandex singing about birds wearing less slap than they are is as hair metal as it gets.  Neo-classical is a subgenre of power metal. This conversation is killing my soul. I'm off to listen to New Wave of Norwegian Vegan Breakfast Metal (NWONVBM), which is a subgenre of Swedish Roof Metal, heavily influenced by Austrian Neo-Alto Laughingcore (ANAL). Fvck the eltists amrite???????


IT'S ALL HEAVY METAL Heavy metal is a subgenre of blues-rock.  Correct. Metal is it's own genre though. Christ in tights! The other three eligible entries must have been fucking awful. It's the best-worst thing I could think of. Thing is, strip away all the pish and you've actually got a fairly decent wee late-80's pop record. Very of its time. Steamiebot just picks a song at random from the suggestions. 

Maybe that's not entirely clear, since some folk seem to be just messaging song names instead of a Youtube link. Steamiebot is the one being named and shamed.  Suggested by /u/Gonzalez8448, curated by /u/SteamieBot.

It does have a ring to it. It's an eighties hair-gel! Actually getting the new motorbike today. Delays yesterday with the workshop. 

Proper excited. Glad the weather is nice again. 

Will probably get 300 miles in I reckon.  What bike are you getting? > A Yamaha XJR 1300.

He answered, but not as an actual reply. Just don't be [this guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9zNUPDmnz4). Got the wrong train last night. Direct to Falkirk. Still hate myself Know the feeling.  Couple of years ago I got on the train at Queen Street Low Level thinking that, like every other train, it would stop at Hyndland.

I didn't realise until the doors closed at Partick that the train now wouldn't stop until it reached Dumbarton Central.

Felt like a fanny.  Took me ages to get home that night. I was seconds away from doing the same thing. Got on the train at Charing Cross. I even checked the sign and it said the train was one of the ones that stopped everywhere. I only just noticed in Partick as the doors were closing. I was standing right by them so turned and bolted. This was me - I expected to switch at Bellgrove and didn't know til they said the first stop was Falkirk high. The conductor was decent about it and just said I had a long night ahead of me. I did. It was awful. It shouldn't even be possible to do that, there's no reason for our trains to be as user-unfriendly as they are. If they are insisting on using the same platform for two different trains at the same time then you'd at least expect decent signage. Instead it's like taking part in The Crystal Maze.  Scotrail obviously like playing games with you. Half the time the board is completely wrong. Is fate trying to tell you something? Did yer Ma used to wrap yer butties in a road map when ye were at school? Is a butty the same as a piece?  Hahahaha  Yer butties? Surely you mean pieces...
Mine usually came in a mothers pride breed poke  I interviewed for a new job yesterday and managed to get it.
I'm starting tomorrow and absolutely shitting myself, never been this nervous YASSS, well done!

Remember it's always the new persons fault, but that also means if you don't know what you are doing it's fine as you are new! Congrats as well. What is the new job?  Congratulations. What will you be doing? There's a wee update to SteamieBot coming tomorrow.

The tune of the day will now let you know who submitted it. Those that submit shite tunes, your days are numbered! Holy mackerel. That feels intimidating.

Is there anyway to implement a history of previous submissions without going back to older steamies (e.g. like the last 5 or 10 submissions)? Could do. I'll put it on my list of things to do! Yes!

Can we get a wee vote system so that we get some idea of what constitutes a shite song and what Doesn't.
 
Personally I think anything pre-dubstep is utter mince. I reckon it should be up for discussion in the comments before panning anyone who submits a song deemed shite. 

Also, each user can only suggest a single tune each day. Any subsequent messages are ignored.  That makes sense. I'm all for NAME AND SHAME. I had a great flat sorted after weeks of looking (got a stupid small dog). Upfront about it all. Met the landlord loads. Shook on it. Confirmed and waiting on paperwork. Told current landlord we're moving. I then get a message saying the husband wants to "meet" the dog this week. I say we're away this weekend and that it would be like a 5-6 hour round trip for me to go get her etc. Could I take a video or even Skype(!). I get a reply saying I can't rent the place then. Mad. Did he want to smell her arse? That's shite :| surely if the property is under the name of the person you agreed the rent with, his opinion is irrelevant? I take it you never got any official paperwork of the agreement? Was waiting on the paperwork. She knocked back two other people the day of viewing (must have been my charm). My guess is one of them offered more money or maybe the husband just changed his mind. It was very unprofessional and cost me time at other viewings and the like. They sound weird though so maybe best avoiding. I had no issue with him wanting to meet the dog or whatever, but it seemed very unreasonable to demand a day this week after we had already agreed. Was it a private let or with a letting agency? If it's the latter, I'd contact them to let them know what happened, given that it would likely cost them business. If it's the former, get a voodoo curse put on him or something lol a.k.a. name and shame on reddit Do you know their names? Sounds very like my old landlord, pair of dicks I was sober last night. So, might actually get shit done today. pics or it didn't happen. They're on my myface page Off to meet with a new venue about an event later in the year. Hopefully they're a good fit and I don't have to go back to square one.

Edit: Meeting went well! Guy dancing and singing to loud music on the no.2 bus. He's also dispensing pearls of wisdom such as "If you didn't laugh you'd cry" and  shouting Ali G type phrases. He's happy, not so sure about the woman he's sitting beside. I hate seeing I have a missed call, especially when it's from Solicitors, especially when you call back and can't get through to the person. Missed Call anxiety is a thing, right?
 "I'm just calling about unclaimed PPI refunds available in your name" As long as you're keeping to your bail conditions and/or restraining order there's nowt to be worried about. Another day on the beach here. As usual I see we've went on holiday and missed the good weather at home! Sod's law. Still... can hardly complain I suppose :D Where are you? Vietnam Where are you in Vietnam just now?

I remember happy hour in Hoi An being something ridiculous like 10p a beer Yeah thanks to the perils of inflation it's more like 30p at best here now. It's usually more like Â£1. When we came here for a few days two years ago it was like Â£2 for dinner and beer; maybe we are just in more touristy areas or maybe prices have just went up but the days of 10p beer insanity seem to be away GOOD MORNING SCOTLAND, no wait....

Well here it is Enjoying yourself? Yes, it's very nice here, and the beer (and most other shit) is cheap.  how much for a pint out there? Replied down below! Last time I heard that tune of the day it was being sung at me by a man at a party who was powerflirting with me. He wasn't all that bothered by the fact I wasn't interested.

I remember thinking "This is how women must feel *all the time*." It might have been Dillie Keane, the lead singer, who was born Frank Keane. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dillie_Keane  I read powerflirting as powerlifting. Was confused about what parties you go to... and how to get invited to them. I had 2 beers and 2 glasses of white wine last night. My head is banging and I'm in a fucking foul mood. Can't handle the bevvy anymore! Never mix the grape and the grain. Aye, I only had a couple of beers in the house and couldn't be arsed walking the 2 minutes to Tesco Isn't that whiskey and wine though?

Get balls deep in the wine and beer!

Fuckin guinness and whiskey. Ugg. So much pain. I've only heard about it in the context of wine and beer.  Probably applies in other contexts though. A Yamaha XJR 1300.  Started cycling to work to try and be more active during the day rather than trying to cram it all in at the gym. If I die, remember I never gave a damn about any of you. 


Jk, jk I do actually find you sarcastic fuds amusing. Good on you!

I love cycling to work, it gets you going in the morning. good idea, Ive been cycling to work all year. Its a great start to the day, so quick, so satisfying. A day like today what could be better? If you die, can I have your stuff? My stuff isn't very good in all honesty. You can have my credit card debt though if you want? I'll have your bicycle if no one else has dibs...? It's not a very good bike. In fact I'm pretty sure it's nicked as I got it for Â£30 from a guy in the homeless hostel off Byres road. I don't care, it saves me walking to work. Everyone is all "I am being fit and healthy!" and here am I eating a croissant and babybel for breakfast. I regret nothing. Scrambled egg for me. Work only charge 50p. Great value. Pretty sure the time, not to mention the cost of eggs, it takes to make it and wash up would cost more than that. My work doesn't even have a kitchen, all we have is a fridge so its always just shredded wheat for breakfast.  You poor thing! Why don't you take in some overnight oats? I had to google what that is but it looks pretty banging! Might have to try that, cheers! Shredded wheat. Supposedly very healthy for us (according to the british heart foundation, which is all bollocks becase only the companys selling fibre foods are the ones saying its healthy for us, never had a Doc tell me I should be eating more fibre), but taste like shite. So people cover it in sugar to make it edible, then it's no longer a healthy breakfast. Its then cardboard covered in sugar and milk.

So many paradoxes in life.

Tell your gaffer you need a proper kitchen installed so you can cook a proper bacon and egg breakfast. I eat that spender stuff on it so I get the taste without the calories! Sounds good. I used to use Splenda but it gave me cracking headaches. I use Truvia now, but I only have it in tea. Are they good scrambled eggs? I wish my work provided 50p scrambled eggs. My Croissant was soggy, and 70p from Sainsbury's :( I would say average. Depending how much is left in the pot they're quite watery. Scrambled eggs are such a tricky thing - They're either AMAZING, or meh. Same as poached eggs. Or baked eggs.... Eggs in general really are a very hit or miss thing.  To be fair eating that is better than eating cereal or breakfast bars which are loaded with sugar and carbs.

Also, make sure you eat the full fat dairy as lower fat means more sugars, even if its lactose in the case of dairy. I an gluten intolerant, so the croissant probably isn't the best breakfast... ;)           
Definitely eating the full fat versions. I like flavour.    
It bothers me the crazy people who don't understand sugars (all sugars, even fruit etc)  turn to carbs turn to fats if you don't burn it off (I'm sure there's a better, more accurate way to explain it, but I'm not a dietician). fake gluten intolerance or actual Celiac? Never been tested (I LOATHE doctors for reasons I shan't go into), but when I eat gluten I end up with abdominal pain, my skin breaks out, and my KP flares up, amongst other stuff, so, pretty sure there's an intolerance there whether it is Celiacs or not - who knows. Have done elimination diets etc, etc.     
However, sometimes a croissant is just worth it all.  you should get tested, that one croissant can lead to bowel cancer,  i am a conirmed celiac,  Even one crumb sends me into pain and sickness, oh i also have Osteoperosis due to lack of calcium thanks to not being diagnosed for a long time and i struggled to put on weight as a male i was 9 st now i am 12 st since being diagnosed 7 years ago There are so many things wrong with me physically, it is a damned miracle I am alive. So I am going to have that weekly croissant, and enjoy it thoroughly.    
I will still avoid Phytoestrogens though - that shit ain't worth it. Unfortunately we've been mis-sold the idea that eating fat makes you fat, and told to get the majority of our calories from carbs. 

People haven't triggered the simple concept that since this false doctrine was established, shockingly massive increases in obesity, type 2 diabetes etc have shot up.

Fun fact, 90% of the cholestorol in our bodies is produced by the body itself.

**TL;DR; Its not the people that are crazy, its the doctors who thought up the lipid hypothesis.** I was raised to eat full fat or non-diet versions of things, it's better to have that rather than eat the extra sugar or sweeteners they add to things.  Now I find I don't eat/drinks things like Coca Cola or Irn Bru all that often because of how sweet they are.

It does frustrate me for example when it comes to yoghurt; go to Aldi's yoghurt section and you'll notice that most of the good flavours are low fat whilst the normal yoghurt selection is very limited.  Thankfully they just brought in some lovely Greek Yoghurt to make up for the rest of the section. Greek yoghurt is the best. 

Unfortunately, I am dairy intolerant :(

Funny you should mention yoghurt in this thread. There was an interesting article on the [Beeb's news website yesterday](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-36154736). I can have cheese and live with the consequences but can't tolerate milk anymore. I love rice milk and I'm going to try oat milk, see how I get on Dairy intolerant is the worst! I'm also dairy intolerant, but give zero fucks about it. To a point. I eat cheese (not a lot, just babybel, and occasionally brie, very rarely chocolate), but avoid all other dairy.     
You don't replace your dairy with Soy do you? I tried Soy milk but it had the same effect on me as milk, mega bloating. 

I can't eat much dairy as it brings me out in eczema. I also have food intolerances such that I can't eat fibrous fruit or veg or most varieties of potatoes. If I do eat them, I get acid reflux for literally days afterwards.

Great fun when you want to go out for a meal. Everything comes with spuds in the UK, unless you like eating pasta or currys all the time when you're out. I can't have Phytoestrogens - that is a fun intolerance to have, especially considering soy is in pretty much everything these days.     
It sounds like your body has troubles breaking down sugars/starches? You hit the nail on the head. The undigested sugars/starches are consumed by gut bacteria, which leads to bacterial overgrowth, which produces carbon dioxide that rises through my gut, stomach and eventually up my throat, along with stomach acid. It burns my vocal and other presents other lovely symptoms which take days/weeks/months to clear.

Sounds like you have to be really careful what you eat like myself. A good outcome from this though is that my wife and I cook more meals from scratch now and eat less processed junk.

I went /r/keto for a while to help identify foods that bothered me and doing that I lost a couple of stone in weight.

How did you find out you can't consume Phytoestrogens? I walked up the stairs to the office today and I'm sitting at my desk sweating like a pig. I'm starting to rethink this 'get fit' thing. How many floors? I'll take the stairs wherever I can, but if it's more than five floors I tend to wimp out and take the lift. I'm on the 7th floor at work and live on the 6th at home. Bit different for you if you're delivering heavy stuff though. The highest I'll do if I'm working is fourth floor, and then only if it's under about 35kg! Good effort doing seven floors, especially if you don't usually. Keep it up and the weight will fall off!

I started using a calorie tracker/pedometer on my phone yesterday and it's claiming I need 2650 calories, that seems a bit much considering I'm just barely 5'7... Ach, I'm not really that unfit. I walk about 5 miles a day. I just like to eat, and indulge a bit too often. Dropping 10kg or so would be nice though.

I think a lot of fitness apps massively overestimate the amount of calories burned while walking. 

 I reckon if I gave up beer I'd probably shift some weight. 

Then again, I could lose weight by chopping off my leg, but that wouldn't be much fun either. This brings up quite an interesting question. How do you determine if a leg amputee is overweight? Do you measure the weight of one leg and just add it on? What about double amputees? Give their BMI a handicap like in golf. Blame the weather! I need to budge my pudge too :( Up and at em! It's another glorious day here in our fine city! 

Also I'm excited because today is new motorbike day! YAAASSSS!  Fuck sake, i'm down in bristol this week and its shite. Just my luck that i miss the glasgow summer. I wish I had a new motorbike, you lucky swine :-( Sweet! What are you getting? A Yamaha XJR 1300. It's awesome. Blue and white and endless power!  Awesome!  I second this question. What's the new toy? Up two munros yesterday, another two today. 

Must remember sun block this time so I don't come back down looking like a tomato Good effort! Where you off to? Up early today so I can get away from work sooner to enjoy the sun. (Does it count as being up early if you just never slept?) I'm brewing today and it's to be 21......fuck I'm going to melt!  What are you brewing?

I used to work at a small brewery - summer days when they brewing was the worst. Place was boiling. Stuck on a shitey building site again supervising the world's most boring job. I feel a bit out of place because I'm not sunburnt and I don't have a 'no surrender' forearm tattoo. At least I managed to get out on the bike (54k) after work yesterday.  Hahaha I can feel your pain!  Take it there all taps aff? Not all, people tend to be more sensible these days, and site managers would prefer that their underlings don't get skin cancer on their watch. It's political correctness gone mad. Haircut today!  I haven't had a haircut since October.  I'm excited. Short back and neck?

:) Maybe if I was man, yes.  Just gave it a tidy.  

My hairdresser is now leaving to manage a male barbers so I'm going to find a new hairdresser who hates chat at a reasonable price.  Like a needle in a haystack. Still waiting on the missives being signed for the flat, hoping to move in before the end of the month and want to get my Sky sorted for getting in the place... Don't want to be too cheeky and get the Sky stuff sent to the flat while the couple are still there but really need the broadband set up asap for moving in. Unfortunately the days are gone where muppets left their wifi wide open. When we moved house I jumped on my neighbours wifi until British TeleCON came over and set us up. You could order the broadband and get them to send the kit elsewhere (or use an old modem)?

It's not as if they actually need to show up to activate the broadband, so it's best to get the order in sooner rather than later. Already asked them and they said the correspondence had to go to the address I'm moving to.  Day 1 cycling on the  roads didnt go too badly. Just as well, as the saddle on the next bike, just wouldn't stay at the fixed height.

The cycle lights just up from the Gaelic school, adjacent to the Sandyford are pretty confusing. The green bike light comes on, but I'm starting  to think it doesn't apply if you're  interested on just zooming straight ahead to the park, and not turn left onto Sauchiehall Street. Any experienced cyclists be able to confirm that? It's fine for straight ahead. When the cycle lane is at a green everything else is red. The hardest part is getting the sensor to notice you stopped at the light! 

Be careful cycling down that street in the opposite direction. Cars entering never look both ways.  Having a look around on google maps, That marking say forward, but the lane goes left. However on the road there is an ASL. You're best bet would be to merge into the ASL to go forward if the green light for booth bicycle and car come on at once. Didn't drink last night and went to bed early and still someone how overslept by 45 minutes? Thank fuck my boss isn't in today. Catching up on sleep lost at some other point?   
I always find when I go to bed early, alcohol free, I don't so much as oversleep, asjust wake up much dopier and much more comfortable and relaxed that I lose track of time, rather than the usual tired, hungover, dehydrated panic etc etc I find that too. I should just stick to my usual 5 hours a night sleep! I couldn't survive on 5 hours - minimum of 9 hours here. I like my sleep. First night of no drinking after several in a row is always the worst! I used to be like that when I was a heavy drinker, but now, after two or three very big boozy nights, I always sleep incredibly well the first booze-free night, and wake up like I'm a princess in some Disney movie - but singing a duet with a wee black cat instead of birds and mice and stuff. Aw man it can be so brutal. I have broke the habbit a bit and I can sleep easier now but when I first started to reduce my booze intake sleeping was a nightmare.  I guess with this weather I better cut the grass. 10 days of studying until I'm done worrying about exams. At least I can enjoy the sun on the walk to the library. Really feeling it for all the gingers today, poor souls. These are the days Posties live for. It's going to be a cracker! And I'm stuck in the fucking flat waiting on some cunt to come fix the vents at the top of the windows.

Got Game of Thrones and Silicon Valley watched but, and Dark Souls 3 to dae me. Aldrich is doing my nut When he starts spamming those arrows in stage 2 of the fight: *Run Forrest! Run!* Just keep running until it stops. the arrows are fine, it's all the other shite at the same time as the arrows, plus the fire AoE that stops you getting any damage in, plus if you get lots of arrows in a row there's nothing you can do.

I know how to beat him (her?), I'm just struggling in the actual execution. Toot toot Toms oot for exam 9 today.  Good job my exam is 9:30 so I can enjoy this weather!

EDIT: exam finished, had a glorious sandwhich in the Botanics and saw some cracks (male and female), rest of the day consists of food shopping and dancing later this evening.  Yes please.  How did it go?  To be honest not totally the best but I gave everything a reasonable stab.  Thankfully got some decent marks for coursework which will help. Good luck! How many more to go after this one? Just the one now on the 20th which is a stupidly long time.  However, my Masters palz have got their next exam on Friday so I will enjoy  watching their progress from afar. Ah, also have mine on the 20th. Here's to 11 days of studying... Indeed!  I'll be glad of it because my last exam is a bit of a weird one not taught very well. Sounds like a lot of my college course! GOOD LUCK! Thank you!  Slept right through last night which only happens to me once in a blue moon. Great way to start the week! The family holiday countdown is in full swing now that it's only a month away as well so I'm in a pretty great mood :)

Update: ticket machine didn't work. Free bus!  Sounds like you're winning today already :D It's been pretty decent!  Cycling on the pavement - frowned up or straight up illegal?

I can't get a definitive answer and wouldn't like to get pulled up by the po-po for not knowing. Legal in Glasgow due to bylaw. I'm not sure if it's illegal but I find it annoying as a pedestrian.  Particularly when cyclists get annoyed because e.g. I'm walking round the back of a bus shelter and the pavement is narrow or generally get in the way of their cycling.  WHERE ELSE CAN I GO, BITCH? Deffo illegally, not policed though Yeah, you can get a Fixed Penalty Notice for doing it [see here](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/the-highway-code/rules-for-cyclists-59-to-82). Thanks for your answers. Guess I'm gonna book a couple of lessons before I'll start cutting about the roads.

If and when you see a terrified bloke on a nextbike, crawling at a snail's pace around Partick, please give me some comforting and encouraging signs ðŸ˜‡ See if you cycle around the back roads (Street behind Dumbarton Road, sorry dunno the name/South st) there's not too many pedestrians about.  It's illegal unless it's a designated cycle route like along the Broomielaw.  The Broomielaw one is rubbish anyway, particularly along at the SECC - there's a billboard in the middle of the pavement, and the whole thing is generally narrow and unsegregated. I prefer the road, it's faster. If you're in the city centre, you're allowed to cycle on Sauchiehall Street, Buchanan Street, and Argyll Street as part of the Core Paths Network. Of you Google it there's a massive map showing all the streets you can cycle on the pavements at.

[Here's the link.](https://www.glasgow.gov.uk/index.aspx?articleid=17847) https://www.gov.uk/guidance/the-highway-code/rules-for-cyclists-59-to-82

Rule 64 of the  Highway Code specifies that you must not cycle on the pavement. It's generally a bad idea, and I would advise against it. Use the road and take the lane, and ignore any other road users who hassle you over it. Pretty sure it's illegal, I asked a friend who is a policeman in Wales and they said it's illegal. Although maybe it's a devolved issue?

Either way I'd encourage you to tackle the cyclist off the bike and perform a citizens arrest.

 They can charge you under some obscure old law that's called something along the lines of "Pedalling Furiously".

Edit: http://road.cc/content/news/98005-man-court-wanton-and-furious%E2%80%99-cycling-charge

"Wanton and furious driving or racing" apparently. Sounds like it's only used if you cause an injury. Week off after this week, Friday seems a long way off right now but it is going to be glorious when it comes round. Ditto! Last exam today, probably the least prepared for any I've done so far but I'm passed caring: just want to get the bastard finished.  What was the exam on? Thermodynamics. Handy, seeing as the temperature in the exam room was roughly 12 times that outside. Absolute waste of time. Good luck! Returning home to the motherland for my maws birthday tomorrow as a wee surprise. Seems like in bringing back decent weather as well. Looking forward to seeing the neds getting taps aff, everyone is too beautiful in Amsterdam. Yass it's payday this week. That will see me through my first full week back in 4. Had a pretty shitey weekend in all honesty. Had to hightail it to my parents as my brother was panicking about their elderly cat having a stroke while he was catsitting. Poor thing died and then go home to find my wee crestie had fallen in his viv and crushed his chest. 

To add insult to injury the motorbike I was looking at has been sold from under me :(. 

Fuck it all.  Shame about the pets. What bike were you looking at, the Husky? Yeah, I am genuinely gutted as it was a cracking bike and a bargain so no wonder it went. My other half doesn't do spur of the moment purchases and will hum and haw and wear me down on it. He wants to sit there and read up every single thing ever about the bike and wouldn't take my word that its a good un. 

Balls. Have you done your CBT yet?

I know exactly what you mean, my wife has somehow talked me out of a Wide Glide for the time being. 

Why do people have to give sensible reasonable arguments against impulse purchases? /s crestie? viv? wtf? Crested gecko, and vivarium.  :( 2/2 success rate for the tune of the day so far, not bad! it's a great tune as well! Cheers mate, glad you liked it! Feeling worse for wear at the office after only getting home from a 4 day bender back down in London at midnight last night. How was the weather up here over the weekend? 26 degrees in London yesterday! Parents are away for a week so I'm in to watch the dog and enjoy this sun in the garden in the mean time. Looking forward to some serious relaxation and a bit of detox too. Off to Aran next week to a friends house too so praying the weather rolls on to then as well! Anyone want a free ticket to bearsden from Patrick today?

I'll be around Glasgow uni for most of today if you're after it :P Why's Patrick giving out a free ticket to Bearsden? Cos they're giving out returns for cheaper than singles. You missed the joke but that's fine. I don't mind. Oh wow my spelling. I think I'm melting. Any idea where I could find overalls that would fit a Karl Hungus costume ? As in : 
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/70/35/42/70354237a4db0083d6e7ba9823f7d721.jpg
https://youtu.be/MiJ7o5oftWs?t=23s **ATTENTION SINGLE LADIES!**   
Are you looking for a shiny new man to improve your life? Look no further!    
I have on offer for you today a sparkling, newly available single male for your perusal. Standing at 5â€™9, this fellow redditor has a keen eye for style and a wicked sense of humour. He is a 33y/o Capricorn, Beta Male with blue eyes and the best hair you have ever seen, and although he features a beard and has a penchant for hats, he does not own a fedora.    
Living in the West End with his two furbabies, you know this guy is going to have a fondness for culture and other Middle Class interests such as sociology, museums and cheese.    
Interested? Apply below in the comments!    
      
     
ETA: I should mention this is not for me, but for my male friend. I am a lady.
 I can't tell if you like this guy or not... Hahaha he's one of my besties!  I think your meant to post adverts on /r/glasgowmarket. Yeah, I realised that after I had posted it. Maybe there should be a Glasgow Singles sub? It would certainly be interesting Haha. I think you misspelt "scary" there... all first dates to be conducted on the central station tour

second dates to involve Mario Be sure to get your statement piece out. The backwards Batman cap is always a winner! Well, I'm sold. Or I would be if I were single and a lady. That's the spirit! Maybe your SO has some single lady friends to send this young mans way? Thinking about it, neither of us know many single people, and of the single women I can think of most are either not in Glasgow or single for very good reasons... How low are this person's standards? :) Not very - he likes shiny things :( I'll not recommend the loud obnoxious spherical Harry Potter obsessed acquaintance then. I'll run it by him ;) Do be sure to let him know that she's literally one of the worst human beings I've ever met, and I've met Tommy Sheridan. ... You're really selling her, aren't you? If I were I'd be attempting to export her out of the country. Channel your inner BeyoncÃ© mate. Fuck up! ? Tried that cereal cafe in Dennistoun over the weekend. Didn't bother with the cereal but the Hong Kong waffle wasn't bad.  I went to buy a new suit yesterday and realised I'm slightly larger than I'm comfortable with. 

In completely unrelated news, I'll also be going for a run today. Good man! Same lightbulb came into my head about 3 years ago, I had an XXL (I know I should have noticed before) cardigan that the buttons almost popped on...I was over 18 stone started to pound the pavement since then and dropped over 5 stone I'm hardly the fittest man alive but running and actually watching what I throw down my gullet helps so much! Good luck!  Cheers, man. And congratulations on the weight loss! Watching what I eat is always the hardest bit. Ah well, needs must. It's shit but worth it! Also best advice if you start to run more frequently get a decent pair of running shoes my knees were killing me because I ran in adidas gazelles  This is so good to hear. I have started running very briefly at the gym and feel like I'm dying every time. Am determined to keep it up though! AC/DC last night was pure class. Axl Rose was a lot better than expected. Now I just have to spend all day to get home from Lisbon. Looking forward to be back in Glasgow honestly - need a bacon and square sausage roll. What was the turnout like? I heard there were 7000 requests for refunds in Belgium, didn't hear anything about anywhere else. Around the same amount of refunds was what I heard. I was told the turnout was supposed to be 40-45k. Crowd was well quiet though, was a bit chilly for the Portuguese. Might just be why.  http://m.eveningtimes.co.uk/news/14477558.High_rise_in_Glasgow_s_Gorbals_to_be_demolished_on_Sunday/
Anyone any idea when this will be demolished today? Just went by on the bus and they're already down!  Came here to ask the same question. Nae chat on Twitter, but would assume it's fairly soon.  A helicopter is about I'm assuming that it's going to film it so it's probably going to be quite soon Just heard it - from Pollokshields. Pretty loud! I just missed it was deafened as I jumped out the door https://twitter.com/linzimcguire/status/729245613460758530 Aye so catty has a really different feel to it on a Saturday. Still a class night. What's everyone's lazy Sunday plans? I've got sausage on black pudding under the grill going to have a roll and a coffee then clean my retro consoles after that take my pissy dog for a walk then do bugger all! Solid Sunday!  So far it's been

>install Badoo after friend recommends

>uninstall Badoo

Think I'll just play some video games and gets some college work done. Pardon my ignorance but what's Badoo? Kinda like Tinder, but more making new friends and less dating/hookups. Ahhhh! Is it shit then? I'm only really using it for dating, so having to go through a lot of people who aren't isn't great. There was some other stuff I disliked as well. Was up at 3.30 this morning to say cheerio to my dad and his wife, so I'm currently still lying in bed! 
Need to get up though coz I have work to catch up on and I want to go out with the dog! Off to the borders to borrow my dad's estate car then to Edinburgh to collect a dresser. Fuckload of driving today. Sounds easier to hire a local van. The notice was too short, unfortunately, and with my work days this week it'd have been a pain to return a van. I've got to say too that it's a delightful thing to drive- plenty of toys, steady as a rock on the motorway and even quite nimble on the twisties for a big old bus.

My next car definitely needs cruise control. Christ! That's some distance! Get some podcasts to keep you company! Archers omnibus day! How is the drive? All pretty smooth sailing! Picked up the dresser, went for lunch in Sciennes, icecream at Luca's, got the thing home and just having a wee coffee before heading back to drop the car off. Wish I could keep it, it's comfy. Was hoping to go a cycle along the canal with my SO but it was his leaving do at work and he's came home spewed on the side of the bed and carpet. So I'm swapping a leisurely cycle to booting his arse and making the impending hangover feel worse.  And apparently giving him the silent treatment has backfired.... Who knew men preferred silence to nagging..... Decided to spring clean instead of a cycle. I might need to hoover the same spot of carpet near the bed for a while!!!!  Just ordered a new pair of shoes online this morning, with 24hr delivery and everything.

Just realised its Sunday, and my effort was fruitless. Fuck Sundays. > Today in 1947 John Reid, Scottish Labour politician, was born. Elected MP for Hamilton North and Bellshill in 1997, Reid was Scottish Secretary from 1999 to 2001, and Northern Ireland Secretary from 2001 to 2002 . He was the first Roman Catholic to hold the post. Reid is currently the chairman of Celtic Football Club.

Reid isn't the current Celtic chairman. He was when that sentence was written! It's my birthday!     
...      
Don't really have anything else to add to that.  Aye, happy birthday toots  Thanks buggalugs! Happy birthday you Glaswegian *Australian ;)     
Thank you! *Honourary* Glaswegian. Naaaw! Shux! xx Happy birthday chief!  Thank you !! xx Happy birthday! Thank you :D hp bb x Happy Birthday! Thanks gorgeous :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rR9i-Mjjsws >[**Minions Happy Birthday Song [0:43]**](http://youtu.be/rR9i-Mjjsws)

>>Funny Minions sing Happy Birthday Song - 3D Animation!

> [*^ParodyFor ^Parodies*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy9azZ9y4lL0WCkiUJBuMWA) ^in ^Film ^& ^Animation

>*^2,437,526 ^views ^since ^Jun ^2015*

[^bot ^info](http://www.reddit.com/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index) I am so fucking glad the youtubefactsbot gave me a preview of that link. Thank you for the thought, though x Damn bot ruined it! It out a smile on my face when someone linked it to me on my rather shitty birthday. No bot to ruin my surprise. I HATE minions. Passionately. However, it's given me a giggle, so thank you :P how the hell can you hate minions? 

 I... I just do. How can you not?! You need more upvotes, sir. Many happy returns! Thank you :) Happy birthday :) Thanks :D Happy birthday! Are you drunk yet? I think I'm still slightly tipsy from last night, to be honest.  Away on Holiday the day lads. Enjoy yourselves, I'll keep you's updated if I can Where you heading? All over the shop. Was camping in Amsterdam and now in Berlin. Next stop in Prague For once Scott, it looks like you have a plot! Have a good holiday man! You know your life is careening off course when you've stoating about for 2 hours half pished and one an empty stomach after a fight with the missus because you have fuck all better to do :( You're fine. The police helped me into a taxi last night after Travis. 

Definitely a new low.  Was that from the kindness of their hearts or because of the social disorder you were causing? XD Kindness of their hearts. And because I could barely walk.  Sounds like a good night at least! >after Travis

This alone used to get folk a night in the cells She's turned the weans against us Ah, Manson. Shocking middle-class white America for two decades now. Decent shout, whoever that was. This is the first time I've actually heard of the tune of the day. I'm always tempted to try and dig out the most esoteric music I have just to see if it ever comes up.  There's generally only 2 or 3 requests a day. It's fairly likely to come up. Maybe you shouldn't have told me that. Found out this morning that there's free comics to be had in town. Hoping to grab some on the way to a Street Fighter tournament later. My pal, who is always up on these things, was standing in a queue outside Forbidden Planet this morning at 7am to get his free comics.

I feel like that's a level of commitment I can't understand. Damn, if the queues are that long I might just skip it.

Can respect the dedication though. I think they have plenty of comics, I think they were offering extra free shit if you turned up earlier. Yeah, managed to grab a bunch of comics no bother. It was mostly just cosplayers hanging around when I got there. On holiday in Lisbon, going to see ac/dc tonight. It's pouring rain at the moment, but it should clear up later. Weather is probably nicer in Glasgow at the moment.  my face still hurts and i am still feeling sorry for myself 
 You need more alcohol. Alcohol makes ALL the pain go away.  it kinda worked. but i also felt a bit sick and nearly lost some fingers so not all good there tbh How did you almost lose some fingers?!?! i work in a kitchen and was sent to cut a load of Chalottes (spelling) was not a great day.
how was your birthday did you end up doign anything? Poor poppet :( Next time leave the alcohol til after work ;)     
Ended up having A LOT of cocktails with my besties, so was a nice night :) Happy Birthday Away to see Minor Victories tonight. Big fan of Slowdive and Mogwai, hoping this is good. Fuck you Edinburgh, Tory cunts And they cunts down the borders. Any plans for the weekend folks?   Have to go and stay in a posh hotel in Barcelona with my better half for a long weekend. It'll probably rain.  Drinks tonight with one bestie, drinks tomorrow night with another. A lot of cringing and clutching my liver inbetween. Dinner at the in laws tonight, pub tomorrow to watch the Warriors game,  Sunday maybe football see how I'm feeling  Continue to rip apart the in-laws house before the plasters arrive. When I moved into my new flat, my friends feared I would become a crazy cat lady.    
Instead I have become the even rarer, much stranger, crazy plant lady.     
12 plantbabies and counting :D Any interesting ones?

I'm terrible with plants, even managed to kill my cactus somehow. I have a venus fly trap, thyme, mint, parsley, succulent, 2 x cyclamen, ficus, something I don't remember what it is but is a bulb of some sort....., Fuchsia, Lobelia, and Widows Thrill.    
The main thing about growing anything is understanding their natural climate and recreating that - moisture, humidity, et al. Do you need to pay attention to how much water your individual plants get then? 

I've got what I think is an invincible Orchid at the moment. I thought it was plastic when I moved in and didn't water it for a year or so. Then it started flowering...  hahaha congratulations! You have a plant baby!! I think, had I an orchid or anything else notoriously difficult to grow, I would pay a LOT more attention.
       
I usually play it by ear. I water each a set amount expecting that they will tell me when they need more - cyclamens look droopy when they need more water, a ficus must always have moist soil, etc etc. If at any point the leaves start to discolour - test the soil - fading leaves and damp soil? Let it dry out. fading leaves and dry soil it? Give it some water.     
Plants communicate just as loudly as any pet, you just need to learn to read them, like a dog, cat, etc.    
Rice water, or green tea and just wonderful for all plants. I don't pay attention to unique soils, etc. I don't think about things from a gardeners pov (pH, nitrogen, etc), but from a "how would this grow in the wild" pov. It's a weird perspective to take, but it works for me.     You're such a fucking plant nerd!  You're so jelly, you're wobbling. i had a charge hand like that, but the cats kept eating the plants. come to think of it, she might just be mental 
 My furbaby did attack one plant, but I think it was simply because it had gone dormant and would be affected by the air currents in the apartment, hence stimulating her play/attack mentality. She seems ok with the others.  furbabay... daww, my cat just got called fucker.  I am sure you love him/her no less though :P actually i found out on my birthday a cple years ago my mum got it put down (it was really sick) kinda a shit birthday. 
she only loved me when i had food for her.  the cat not my mum  Oh my!! That's terrible birthday news :(     
It's my birthday today (Saturday) and if I got that kind of news, I'd start cutting bitches. it's generally frowned upon to butcher your family in city center restaurants. though totally justified. 
happy birthday, you doing anything for it Thanks :) I had plans but have decided to sulk instead :D i find that a good plan for birthdays too,
i get to work today, despite having a sore fce from a wisdom tooth coming out. 

 Can anyone recommend a decent barbers in Rutherglen or Cambuslang? 

Slicks in burnside is great but it's always mobbed, I'd like to be able to get my haircut without waiting for 45 minutes. Can we hang the "no politics" rule on a peg for today? Shocking night for Deputy Dug. Almost feel sorry for her.

Ruth Davidson for a stronger Ruth Davidson Ice Cream Party has done well, my pals down in Dumfries aren't delighted. Haven't had time to check my local yet but I'm guessing John Mason got back in. How were the results where you are? Apparently SNP gained from Labour in mine.  Wasn't even aware I had a Labour MSP, which gives you an idea how hard they campaigned.

Also saw Patrick Harvie cutting up Gibson Street on his bike after my exam which was a small highlight of my day.

EDIT: Also, 55% turnout?  It's pretty poor. how'd the exam go? Exam went better than expected which was good. Now got the weekend to revise for number 9. Yeah 55% isn't good On yerself Cass!  Either you really love cheering me on after exams or you're loving the fact that Patrick Harvie uses a bike. Exams my man! Thanks!  Number 8 in an hour. 8?! Fuck me! Keep it up champ!! You have many left? After today, 2! Good luck!  Thanks!  Think it went alright. Big Brian's "IT failure flounce" was the highlight of the night for me 
https://mobile.twitter.com/CraigRWS/status/728348840307376128
 Ha, saw that. The wee flourish of the papers was classic. had a cunty day at the dentist yesterday got today off work due to lots of pain. 3 stiches in the gum. and it only cost Â£35 what a fuckign country  Both votes green lads! Went to vote today, I was number 1690 on the list and the neddy wee volunteer guy behind the desk squealed "1690! Controversial number for some!"

I assume this is some very clever mathematics joke that's above my head and he's actually some kind of highly educated genius? Alas... Nothing mathematical about it... Sadly he was (needlessly) referring to the Battle of the Boyne https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_the_Boyne
 Oh I know that, I was just being sassy... Oops...doh! My Gran (who's 88) was telling us the other day about the Empire Exhibition, apparently she went twice with her family as they thought it was great fun.


Today's plan is vote, smash exam number 7 this afternoon then cry/study furiously for exam number 8 tomorrow. 'sake. Your exams are starting to stress me out. Do try not to fuck them up, I'm not sure I could cope with the re-sit posts.  Tell me about it, I'm stressed!

/r/glasgow will be getting a break from Monday, as I have 11 FUCKING DAYS between exam number 9 and 10. Was that the one in Bellahouston park with the tower? That looked pretty epic from pics I've seen! Yes, that very one.  It's on the Steamie's history section today which is why I mentioned it. Shame on me, didn't read steamiebot's post and came straight to the comments! yeah, shame they knocked it down because they thought the germans could use it as a landmark to drop bombs on the shipyards On yerself Cass Billy, Billy, Billy fucking Joel (out of my bed). Was meant to be going into the Glasgow office today (as opposed to Edinburgh) but no one else is going to be there so fuck it, I'm working from home. Well played! The pleasures of working from home.  Always looking for a good excuse to do it, sometimes my excuses are pathetic, anyone got good (original) ones to use? I don't see why WFH should require an excuse, if you have work to do, get it done.  I'm at the office and on Reddit, not any more productive :)

I do 50% of the week at home, just come to the slightly empty office for chat (when there is any) and to use the gym across the road. Same, I normally just email in the morning to say I will be working from home today, unless I have a meeting I need to be in for there is never any issue. Waiting for a delivery.

Childcare - I have no idea how people get away with this but all new parents (men and women) at my old work (a large bank) were allowed to work from home 1-2 days a week after maternity/paternity.

An appointment - It would save time to work from home as there's less travelling. No weans unfortunately for the childcare excuse, but the rest of my team with kids hammer that.   Gumtree. I really need to get my employer on board with WFH. they're a bit stone age at the minute, dead into the whole 9 til 5, in the office, at your desk ready to start. Full of suits, you see. Thank God dev privileges = cut about in a hoodie tho  Aw man thats hellish. My work are fairly flexible on all those things. Only time I ever suit up (or show up on time) is for customer facing stuff. Get yer arse up and oot and vote!  In the Rock in Hyndland for the quiz. Dinner is sausage, mash, peas and gravy in a big yorkshire pudding. What's not to like? There's a man in his 50s wearing all black and a back to front baseball cap. He looks like someone's dad trying desperately to be cool Votey votey votey!  Aw fucking yasss. Happy cake day me.  Happy cake day you! Didn't feel like trekking back to Greenock to vote, girlfriend voted for Harvie/Greens though so I'm currently winding her up by denying her access to the internet to get her used to life without nuclear power. In April there was enough power generated from wind turbines to power nearly 3/4 of homes in Scotland. So maybe we'll be okay :) Jokes on you! Largest solar panel array in Scotland has just been turned on, So we will have enough energy to power 1 PC for an hour every 6-8 weeks. Bagsie the next go.  Yas, I got to vote for Patrick Harvie. One of many man crushes. No idea who any of the people were in the 1, 2, 3 style vote though. Do you still do the preference vote? Thought it was still a simple X against your preferred regional candidate. I had a proxy voter today so not sure. No idea. I got 3 votes:- one white paper, one lilac paper and one peach paper. The white paper was the only 1,2,3 voting style. Apparently there was a by-election for the city council Anderston ward. Got a white paper myself, but that was the first thing I heard about it I only got 2 - the lilac and peach for the Holyrood election. What was the white one for? Got tickets to see DJ Shadow in July I've been waiting 10 years to see him! I cannot wait!  Seen him 3 times, fucking brilliant twice, shite once  Corn Exchange for the shite time? Nah, at some festival, seen him in Edinburgh, might have been the corn exchange, first time doing the video mixing, years ago now, it was brilliant > Lethal Bizzle at The Garage, Glasgow

DENCH! This makes me feel old! Got banned from r/scottishfootball for cracking a joke. Sad times.  what was the joke? What do you call the creatures who are growing in the pile of crisp wrappers and discarded g strings behind Britney Spears house? i don't know 
 Her children snik. 
not that funny, but not worth getting banned for 
 Still no closer to deciding who I'm voting for. Same.

Will just vote green as they are very nice and well meaning but never going to actually do anything to stop the snp steam roller

 I'll probably end up voting SNP I like 3 out of the 5 things listed on there leaflet the dropped threw the door which is 3 more than what was in the labour leaflet. I thought I'd decided, then I had a look at who my candidates actually were.

I'll start with my current Labour MSP - meet him years ago when I was at school, and he was a cunt, have never voted for him, will never vote for him.

My SNP Candidate is currently a List MSP, he's made some somewhat homophobic comments over gay marriage it seems. My Personal views being "I don't fucking care, marry whoever the fuck you want" it's somewhat put me off voting for him

The Conservative cunt is just that.

So I'm left with the lib dem candidate, who, the only thing I can really disagree on is Independence. (and you know the whole coalition thing) You can always spoil it. No point voting for the least bad, then your just giving  in to s shit system. I actually really like the majority of the Lib-Dem policies. It'll be years before people are willing to grant them another chance after the coalition fuckup.  People always say how the Lib Dems fucked up the coalition, but look at the mess we've been left with now the Tories are solely in charge! I kinda think we owe Nick Clegg an apology. The coalition was shite, but he stopped Cameron, Hunt, IDS etc from being the complete and utter cuntbuckets they are now.  I have decided on spoiling my constituency ballet and voting green in the regional. I thought very seriously about doing the same but eventually came to the conclusion that it is more important to vote for least bad than to make a point.

Its still annoying though as the local candidate has done next to nothing to deserve his vote, clearly a gravy train rider who's been given a nice wee easy shoo-in of a seat to say thanks for giving a few tv interviews and writing some shitey articles as Business For Scotland during the referendum. Still. Better than the labour candidate who has been going about shopping centres on weekdays at 2 in the afternoon with banners saying he'll "keep children safe" whatever that means. Anyway - I'm on holiday and this is "politics free" /r/Glasgow so I'll wheesht now  No voting for me today so I had a croissant for breakfast instead. I was disappointed in the lack of mental parties available in the regional ballot, I'd rather have your croissant. Did you get a Democracy Sausage? I got some leaflets, if that's what you mean by Democracy Sausage? This comment made me laugh more than it should because of the comments that followed. :D **YOU DON'T HAVE DEMOCRACY SAUSAGE HERE?!?!?**!     
Ok guys, you need to get your shit together.     
Democracy Sausage is THE BEST THING about elections in Aus.     
Basically, any time there's an election, wherever the voting places are (usually schools), there is always a sausage sizzle. You get a sausage, on a piece of cheap white bread, with some sauce and fried onions  (optional). You pay about 50p or Â£1 (depending) and it goes to charity. This is necessary to all elections and is an essential Australian right. There's even a [map](http://democracysausage.org/) so you can make sure you'll get your damned Democracy Sausage at your local voting point.      
     
    
    
Please note, the DS is essentially the same as the gloriously, amazing Bunnings Sausage Sizzle, available every Saturday and Sunday at your local Bunnings.     
     
  
Australians fucking love a sausage sizzle. Haha!  That's amazing!  I think here it would have to be a square one.

I believe Bunnings just bought over one of our home DIY chains and they are bringing the sizzles over here! Because it's not Bunnings without a charity sausage sizzle!! Oh the smell! The cheap white bread! The even cheaper sausages! It's the worlds greatest hangover cure, and the worlds best inspiration for doing some DIY.    
        
     
 
Is it strange the only thing I miss about Australia is the food? there are just no words for how much innuendo there is in this comment In your endo! We have a DS here but they're nowhere near as awesome as this Democracy Sausage sounds.  Ain't no democracy like Australian democracy, because Australian democracy is *mandatory*. That's why a lot of Aussie's Donkey Vote. That way, their vote is meaningless but can still have their Democracy sausage! :D         Is that the same as a spoiled ballot?

Wish I'd gotten Democracy sausage, I went to vote just before lunch then had to make my own democracy dough balls. 

So what's the deal with your enfranchisement? How long do you need to be resident before you get a vote? A Donkey Vote is where you just basically scribble all over it, or draw a smiley face, etc, so I am assuming it's the same? Some MORONS think it means voting for one of the smaller, funnier parties (i.e. Fishing Party), but that's because they're fucknuckles who don't understand preferential voting, and transferred votes. A vote for ANY party, no matter how small, is still a vote for one of the major parties (Labour vs Liberal).    
     
     
     
     
Greggs needs to get onto a Democracy Sausage bake, me thinks. What are dough balls?     
     
          
     

I have to have been here five years and have my "right to remain", I think? Literally just balls of pizza dough. Big tub of garlic butter, unhealthy but delish! I love this, what an idea.  Glasgow version could be sponsored by Greggs and Irn Bru. Exam number 6 today, Software Project Management.  I have some acronyms and Captain Ron to get me through. Good luck! Thanks! Captain Ron? The guy who lectured me was called Ron.  He puts his name in the slides at any opportunity (he put himself in my programming exam which he also wrote) and one of his case studies was a sailing book shop with a customer named Captain Ron.

We've set up a google doc for notes and its nice to see everyone referring to him as Captain Ron e.g. "That's what it said in Captain Rons slides..." What they should show in these classes is some sort of diagram illustrating your average project managers stress levels as their career progresses. Maybe some pictures as well, like those before and after crack scared straight photos.

Oh and good luck. Thanks very much!  The exam was completely horrible (think like asking 5 questions in one question worth 4 marks) but I hope I bullshitted enough to scrape a pass. Sounds like you have got it, bullshitting enough to get a pass is the essence of  project management. Ha! I have a Steering Committee today where I'm having to explain why the "agile factory model" employed by my client has fucked up consistently and is about to add 6 weeks and Â£300k to my project... Good luck! Never heard of agile factory, but I'm guessing it's a terrible scaled up agile.  

Thanks! A perfect description... It's basically where the BAs, Devs and Testers act as a black box, fully sizing and committing to sprints - except I get daily emails where they try to get out of their committed stories! Accountability is a problem... In my experience Agile is a great theory but is generally used as an excuse to halfarse something.  What I tell all my clients is that it's best to "tend towards" agile, but within a waterfall model for the overall project - i.e. Use scrums to deliver code early but only where it's relatively stand-alone and doesn't trigger hefty regression testing each release. I fear I'm veering into /r/softwaredevelopment territory so will shut up now ðŸ˜ Ha, my experience of agile is we dont want to pay fixed price so will go agile, but keep all of our waterfall processes in place and wonder why it dosen't work. I and a whole dev team resigned over something like that. The CEO "found Joel" and was hooked. One problem: the app we'd all been hired to maintain had no unit tests. Literally none, I was the one that added junit.jar to the class path on my first piece of work, many years after the original devs had all moved on. 

Did I mention it was a regulated industry? To satisfy that they had a lot of formal quality-managed manual test specs which they were now proposing ditching because "Agile!". We tried explaining the importance of unit tests but it was all on deaf ears. Those all-magical little bits of card on a whiteboard would fix everything.

Besides, I'm of the opinion agile only really "works" in that it forces people to manage their release process better. If you already have put thought & refinement into another process then the gains are minimal at best.  Sounds.....dangerous. 

One of the vital pre reqs for entering an agile project has to be all parties understand agile, too often that is just not the case. "It's like waterfall, but without the documentation" >, Software Project Management. 

aka how to explain things are gonna be late.

good luck! You should keep to your time boxes then, that way nothing would ever, ever be late.

Cheers! Well that exam yesterday was fucked. Ohhh well resits in August! Flying back home for a long weekend after work, going to the football and then on a Shoreditch night out on Saturday. Not looking forward to fiver a drink again at all... Add to the fact that Shoreditch is predominantly full of essex punters you are in for a treat. Nah, I used to live in Essex and those lot mainly stay in Essex as the first train back on a Sunday isn't till 8. Shoreditch is mainly rich kids from places like Oxford, Cambridge and Norfolk with a healthy dose of tourists from abroad too Was 100% prepared to fail my Software Modelling exam today, but think I might have accidentally passed it.

Either way I'm getting slaughtered and playing vidya until August. I took up that Next Bike offer, not the fittest person in the world. Cycled Partick to Bowling needless to say tomorrow I'll probably be in a lot of pain. At the minute it's mainly my arse, any tips on helping if I decide to make it a regular occurrence?  They're not the most comfortable things to sit on for a few hours. Chuffed I ventured out on a day off, starting to think I would melt if I left the house.  Your arse will usually hurt for days/weeks until it get used to it. Then you'll have buns of steel. Happy hump day everyone!

I'll be drinking beer all day.  Is it hump day if Monday was a bank holiday? I say no...


Happy Star Wars Day though! I had the same thoughts, but figured my offer of swapping my green tea for his beer would have lost its appeal had I highlighted this. I'll be drinking Green Tea all day - wanna swap? Green beer doesn't sound like its up to much to be fair. Had the wheel stolen off my car yesterday. The whole fucking wheel! Bolts and everything. Somehow got through the locking nuts and didn't set off the alarm in the process. How? I actually caught some bam taking the wheel off my car down in Gourock a few months ago, I had literally been away from the car for about half an hour, in the middle of the day. Had to go through the farse of listening to the guy saying he was a mechanic and thought this was his mates car.... Wild. Where did that happen?  Just off woodlands road  Its stupidly cheap to buy a device to disable alarms now, and it sounds like someone drove around d looking for a replacement wheel for their own vehicle. Do cars still have alarms these days? We have a 16 year old motor and an 8 year old one. Both have immobilisers, but no alarm. Alarms are just an annoyance, nobody bats an eye when they hear one going off. Agreed. When they first became popular people would pay notice to them, but now nobody seems to care. My car is ~5 years old, it has an alarm and immobiliser. Fuck, that's some retro crime. Did they leave it on bricks? Left me the Jack which was nice of them. Police are coming to have a look at it but it was pissing with rain all night so I'm not to optimistic.  Working the dreaded night shift. Have nothing else to contribute but zzzzzz.  The McGills bus app has lost my ticket, and OF COURSE they have no one who can fix it to 9am. WTF is this even.  That's what you get for trusting the app of the bus company who can't even keep their buses running... Hope you get it sorted though. It got sorted, but I also got to work 90 minutes late... >:( Dayum. Put in a complaint. You could get lucky and get so much off your next ticket.  They pretty much ignore complaints - been there, done that, achieved nothing. I think they only have like three people working in their head office. A poorly operated and regulated mass transit system for a city, that isn't even fit for a small town.  Couldn't have said it better myself. I was kinda hoping we'd get our public transport sorted when we hosted the Commonwealth Games. Finding bus routes isn't too hard with Google Maps but finding accurate prices and the fact you have to have exact change for the majority of buses is mental. I ended up getting a bus on Sunday when after walking to Queens Park I found out there were no Next Bikes left, once again reminded why I despise the bus system here.

Pollokshaws Road is great for availability but prices are still a mystery to me, seems to change each time unless you know what figure to suggest, Â£2 for a single seems oddly expensive.

There isn't a site that shows prices and availability, is there?
Nevermind Oyster, even being able to use contactless would be a massive help.

Back to trying to cycle and avoid as much as possible, luck was on my side this morning as I found a dry period between 8 and 9am, hooray! If you're going by First Bus, it's Â£1.20 if it's less than 5 stops you're travelling, Â£2 for any more than that, if that helps any. It's only really worthwhile if you're going a bit of a distance. Indeed that is good to know, do they advertise that? I've never noticed... No, because they are ashed of how fucking shocking the "short" journeys are allowed to be.  First are a shower of cunts. I think I've seen it on the side of some of their buses. Probably to distract folk from the price of their day tickets...
I only found out when I asked after my fare went up from Â£1.20 to Â£2 when I caught the bus one stop up from where I usually got it.  From Queen's Park a single to the city centre on the bus costs more than a return ticket on the train. Total rip-off. I'm just curious as to why they don't have the equiv of Oyster cards? One payment system that works on EVERYTHING. I mean, even Australia has the equiv of an Oyster card in each state.  [deleted] Basically it doesn't compare in the slightest. Oyster cards are PAYG, you don't need photo ID, can be used across everything, and there's daily/weekly caps on costs. They can't be used as pay-as-you-go. Plus you need a photo to get one. 

Basically useless for all but the most prepared tourists and those who don't use public transport all that often. The photo thing had me absolutely gobsmacked - I went to the station one morning, the machine wouldn't let me buy a bloody weekly ticket without the photo ID card, and this was an un-manned station with no one to explain to me WTF was happening. Just... What is this even?! They half-arsed it with the subway smart-card thing. Zone cards are nearly there (since they work on everything) but they don't work on a pay-as-you-go basis.

It's an embarrassment.  It really is. I'm used to just swiping a card to get wherever I want. Now I have to make sure I have enough battery and data just so I can catch the bus. IF their servers aren't down. IF they don't lose my fkn ticket. I don't think I'd like to rely on an electronic ticket. I'd get too anxious about my battery life if I was out.

I use my phone for boarding passes when I'm flying, but I'm trusting BA not to knock me back from boarding if my phone's died. Oh trust me, every time I am about to get on the bus I'm a bundle of nerves in case my phone dies/loses connection. Although the ticket was "lost" over the weekend, I had to wait til 9am this morning to get it sorted. It's just absolutely ridiculous! However, I am stuck with buses for the next few weeks. So frustrating. Is it a QR code or something that you have to show to the driver? If so you could screenshot it and that would mean it wouldn't matter if you lost your data connection. Nope, it's a flashing "password" type thing that changes throughout the day. The entire transport system is a disgrace. Clients and visitors from overseas are.more often than not shocked about how bad it is, and why anyone puts up with it. That's pretty much how I felt about it when I got here. I mean yes, there's great coverage, but the cost of the services and the quality of the service, and over all user-frendlyness of the service? All leave a lot to be desired. Out of curiosity, where do you come from? Sydney. Well, I can fully understand the shell shock you've endured ;) You're not a local? Local to Glasgow, but friends speak highly of your transport (in comparison to the mess we have) Oh yeah, Sydney transport (as much as the locals hate it) is pretty fab. Hell, even Brisbane transport (which is stupidly unrealiable, expensive, and unsafe), is better. I made the mistake of allowing my laptop to update when I got to work. Still "working on updates". Shitty Windows 10. Better now than EOD! After a weekend of Vardy bombs I feel rough as fuck today. So glad I'm only in work for two days this week though Snap. I've been so relaxed on my days of these past few weeks I feel like I've reached a higher level of content-ness   Vardy bombs? Made from Blue wkd and cheeky nandos surely? It's a shot of Jager in a glass of Blue WKD. Was in Manchester Sunday night and my pal kept buying us them as Leicester were on the brink of the title. Travelled down to Stoke on Saturday and back yesterday. Absolutely fucked, way too much travelling for just a couple of days. Can't wait to get home and sleep tonight  Big up to the traffic polis who watched me inadvertently fly through a red on St Vincent Street this morning, then put on the blues just to laugh at me for being a fanny. Restored my faith in discretionary policing! Painting my bedroom ceiling, yeah, I know your all jealous lol  Painted the floor as well then. mate,If only you knew how true that statement was lol  Last day before the storm. First exam is tomorrow morning and I'm fooked.

By the way, why doesn't Aldi on high street sell yeast? Couldn't find it, had to go to morrisons instead.  Good luck tomorrow.

If you're ever looking for fresh yeast, rather than the powdered packet form, Il Cappuccino on Great Western Road usually sells it.  Fantastic! I've been looking for fresh yeast actually. I'll make a note of the place.

And thank you. They don't *always* have it, but more often than not they do. Probably worth giving them a bell before you make the trek and asking if they can put some aside for you if they do have it! Will do! Cheers! Bank holiday Monday. Was at a wedding last night so the lie in's much appreciated.  Ever forget how to use snap chat and send a creepy photo of your face to everyone of your contacts with no text cause your a complete dick? 

Aye me neither. Stayed up all night reading that "what's the creepiest thing you have seen on Reddit" thread. Got sucked right into all these stories, followed all the links. Took ages to go to sleep, para! Yeah you tossed and turned a lot last night. :o ! ( Í¡Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â°) Off yesterday, bank holiday today and my day off for the week is tomorrow. Oh yes! Quite fancy getting some lunch in town, anyone been anywhere recently that they would recommend? Anyone have a handle on what's going on with Bitcoin? Today were claiming this morning Satoshi has come forward, but a cursory Google suggests things aren't so clear cut... Satoshi will never come forward.  Some chancer is at it.
 That seems likely but the Beeb are still reporting it as fact. They're normally pretty good at fact checking. The interviewee on WatO was incredibly dismissive of Bitcoin and there was no counterpoint, so a bit let down by their coverage. Summed the whole thing up in 5 words. Nothing else to say.  Over cooked it yesterday, subsequently had a fucking horrendous kip and feel like a bag a shit today. Had grand plans to make good use of today, head into town get a bit of scran, have a wander but I've fucked it. Been enlisted to save a friend today, which means I have to travel to Easterhouse of all places. How lovely. If I don't post in tomorrow's Steamie I've been stabbed and left for dead. Have a great bank holiday folks. Save them from Easterhouse? Or some other mitigating circumstances? Anyone else starting to get a touch irritated by the low-effort shitposts that have started to accumulate here recently? The following all from the last 4 days:

* https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4hciov/to_the_gent_that_kissed_me_at_stag_and_dagger/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4hb0dx/something_happening_on_the_m77/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4hbmc9/pressure/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4hfd6l/gforce_in_town_selling_uncharted_4_yet/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4h5om6/where_can_i_throw_away_some_old_wooden_doors/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4h4q61/martial_arts_classes_at_the_weekend/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4h3tp1/fpn_payment/

* https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4gzdtx/need_a_quick_cheap_way_to_light_up_a_pitch_black/

Need I go on?

I mean, some "I need help" posts are actually worth-while and I can understand why you might need to ask the locals (e.g. https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4h2rez/good_people_of_glasgow_i_need_your_help/) but the rest of the above are no-more-than-a-few-lines of utter **pish ** that could be solved with the tiniest little bit of effort on the part of the poster. # Folk can post what the like that's what the threads here for, if you think there's so much shite why not enlighten us with some great content of your own. I'd love to, but I can't because (as per my flair) I don't live in Glasgow anymore, so I don't exactly have my finger on the pulse.

That being said, I make a comment in the daily thread wondering if a few other people might be thinking along the same lines, maybe kick-start some discussion and look what happens...

Piss on my chips. I guess no-one else find it irritating. I'd rather have all that than a stagnant sub.  Fuck off back to /r/Edinburgh 
 If you think those are shitposts, you should see some of the stuff that winds up in our modqueue.  Those posts give ample opportunity to rip the piss and break up the monotony. Much like this one, so rap it ya big jessie. Maybe I've mellowed out more than I thought.

I was gonna rip right into the more recent shitposts and then thought, "Nah, I won't bother. Seems a bit mean".

Maybe you can take the Glasgow out the boy. You never had it in ye in the first place then!!! I am now the very proud owner of a leopard print Batman cap. Best. Present. Ever.  What is wrong with you people?!?!? I bought her that hat AS A JOKE! You weren't all meant to like it! This has backfired horribly... I KNEW THIS WAS (one of) YOUR ACCOUNT(s)!!!!!  Shame that you didn't get it before your date with Fred Durst, then you could have had matching statement pieces. You aren't going to wear that outdoors are ye?  I might.... Depends on the weather the next time I have a date. My [hat](http://i.imgur.com/5vEGw9k.jpg) is so much better than his though - it has a pop of colour.  Pretty sure that will secure you a date with most. Updating my tinder profile as we speak... Then you'll HAVE to wear it on a date. Yes, even indoors. Only backwards though. Aye but are you a rap metal artist of renown?  I am totes underground...? That hat is truly a masterpiece. That's pretty awesome! It looks furry on the front. Is it furry? If so, that is awesome.  It is furry :D Damn. You never mentioned the texture on the leopard print. I officially have hat envy. If you live below me and have been playing loud, shite dance music all night that's still going - fuck you. Some people work at weekends too, cunts. You don't happen to live in Ibrox do you? One of my neighbours was at it last night too. Nah I don't, bank holiday pay weekend though - everyone must be at it. If only there was a more effective way of contacting the person that lives downstairs than posting on reddit.  Yeah but I'm a pansy and I'd rather passively-aggressively bitch about them on the internet than do anything actually worthwhile. Change yer router name..... I've done that too cos I'm a shite bag.  Hahaha, this is a classic. I'm about to move out, and I'd been thinking about leaving the router with a horrific name because nobody else would know how to change it. Suggestions? 3/2 has a wee sack. Phone in sick and join them for a wee line Road trip today! Our main driver hasn't driven on the UK before, or on this side of the road. Shitting myself but also naively optimisticðŸ˜¬ haha i drove about the Atacama dessert for a bit, never driven on the wrong side before or driven a massive 4x4 on gravel roads, was an interesting day  Good luck! [Made it!](http://i.imgur.com/tPdjCBK.jpg).

Scotland is far more beautiful than I believedðŸ˜€ Huzzah!! Well done!     
And it is exquisite, isn't it? :D Yeah, that catalogue is pure beautiful.  Meeting an old friend in the Hope for brunch. A good catch up and maybe a cry. Good times Well, we made it as far as Cowcaddens before one of our number got kicked back from a bar, then back to the stags house for more booze. Good fun, decent day! Tell us the story of your T-shirt in the Loudon... Ha, yes!

So anyway, the Louden (for those that don't know) is a Rangers pub. It's the single bluest room I have ever been in. A dark, windowless, oppressive feeling room. As we turned to leave, a voice next to me shouts "Here, big man!"

That was not a phrase I really wanted to hear from a large group of blokes in a slightly frightening Ibrox pub.

"Here, big man, turn around. Show us your T-shirt."

I was wearing my Limmy "Turned the weans against us" shirt. As a group we shouted the phrase, had a laugh and headed on. Nice guys, ran into them again at Cowcaddens later on. Oh. You probably had to be there...

I kid ;) haha, can definitely imagine the initial tension followed by the mixture of relief and joy when everyone is getting along. We've all been there lol.

On another note, I've never managed more than four stops in various sub crawl attempts. Ha, it definitely seemed funnier when I was pished! To be fair I wouldn't have made the distance if I hadn't been subtlety sneaking half pints 50% of the time!

Though I did manage to down a pint as a forfeit which I don't think I've ever done before. What's the word for a shameful sense of pride? Whatever it is, I bet it's German. I dont do this time in the morning.

Off to a car boot sale to see if I can find a PC and maybe a sky box. Did you go to blochairn or polmadie? What was it like? Went to both this morning.

Sometime you find great things, Most times you don't. Aye I'm a polmadie man myself and its when you go without any expectations it's the best. When you want something, they won't have it ! I've got a Sky HD box. Â£20 and it's yours! ðŸ˜‰ Got one of the newer wireless ones for a fiver :) What kind of PC are you looking for? One that works! Aye but for what purpose! Oh right, Mostly just general use. Internet odd word document, Odd movie. Budget? Little as possible. I'll keep my eyes peeled. I think I have an old sky HD Box kicking about. Didn't think it was much use if you don't have a subscription.  I prefer the weetabix myself

edit awwwww why you fix it my comment looks out of context now High definition oats and grains are how you keep yourself crisp and clear, mate. Hanging like a bat. I need fried things. Egg & Bacon Sandwiches  Went for dinner at Opium on Hope St during the week... Fucking delicious and a very reasonable bill. I'll definitely be back Think boabs dug pished on my PC cause it ain't working. Seems Boabs dog has been at all our tech today. My phone has decided it no longer wants to play music, or any sound/noise in general. This is not a good thing. This is not a good thing at all.  Is it a Motorola? Seen two of them do that, and its just a shite connection which - im not lying- can be solved with a good slap on the back.

If its not a Motorola, perhaps Boabs dog has pished on it. It's a HTC M8 :\ Off on a pub crawl for a stag do today, official kick off is midday but I'm using my pal as an excuse to arrive post 1pm simply because I don't think I can hack that much drinking. 

If you're in Finnieston today I apologise in advance. No different from the usual crowds in Finnieston on a Saturday night. Update: it's a subcrawl. Next stop; Govan. Fuck knows what we'll do when we hit Shields Road. Louden in Ibrox. Send help. Kensington in Cessnock. Better. Skipped three stops. Lauriston on Bridge Street. Proper drunk now. Remind me to tell you all the story about my t shirt in the Loudon. Get off your phone and tan pints  On it. This is more for historical record so I know where I've been. Hootenanny at St Enoch now. 90s music, West on tap, pretty good actually. Buchanan Street. Pot still. Whisky. Things are getting affectionate. Fucked but still alive. Work night out last night and the fear is strong in this one this morning Ended up with a smiley piercing yesterday. Having metal in your mouth is not ideal. My better half has one. She had a ball closure ring on it but it wouldn't sit right with her front teeth which made it take a while to heal- she changed it to a plain ring and then it was no bother. Does it rub on your teeth at all?  Nah, it's about 0.25mm from touching my teeth which is nice. i'm working a 3-close
it's my day off Cue shenanigans aplenty: I'm not even supposed to be here today! I went to the exhibition about comics at the Hunterian today.

The bit about the history of comics was interesting, but I think I'm one of those plebs who doesn't get much enjoyment out of looking at pictures. Spending the day cleaning and watching soccer saturday before heading down to Manchester to watch the football and see The Movielife tomorrow. 3 Day weekends rule  Been abso rinsing square sausage recently. Id even go as far to say that I prefer it to a bacon roll. Its more consistent in its taste, bacon can sometimes be a bit funny. Square sausage also never falls out of a roll unlike bacon or link sausages. Who chose the song of the day? Because I literally just added it to my DJ playlists yesterday, and played it for the first time last night.

I've actually got it on right now in a bar in Maryhill. rip dave I'm climbing a mountain today. Yes I am.  Which one? Is it a metaphorical mountain? I do that all the time.. Just getting out of bed is climbing a metaphorical mountain for me. A metaphorical mountain Im going to climb in 5 minutes. I'm not sure, I'm terrible with names. One in Glencoe. Currently en route and I never fail to be struck by how beautiful our country is.  Ok, don't get lost, it's very wintery out there! Hope this doesn't turn out to the the last thing what_katy_did
 This is currently my view!

http://i.imgur.com/ac0Mbdb.jpg How do you manage to get a phone signal there?! Excellent view of Glencoe village! Did you do the Pap or (gulp) the Aonach Eagach? Top of the pap!

Not a mountain but the highest thing I've ever climbed so a mountain for me!

http://i.imgur.com/JdIgNik.jpg Good on you. The Pap is steep! Looks like a great day out. Time for a pint and a venison burger in the Clachaig! Booked in there for the next two nights. Pint in hand!

It was steep as fuck. My knees gave out on the way back to the car.  Had to laugh at the journalistic excellence on display in today's Times interview with Fran Healy.

Postle Park.

http://imgur.com/IHujbtE [Obvious Youtube link is obvious](https://youtu.be/gX_8knnjbbo) I'm away to Vietnam for two weeks tonight. Time to start packing...  Where you going? Rode a bike from HCMC to Hanoi so might be able to give some tips. We're flying to hcmc, then we're gonna be flying to hoi an, hue and phu quoc. Don't think I would cycle it! Hah! Neither would I. My bike had an engine.. Albeit a very small one. Hahaha.....oh that makes a lot more sense. Lovely country, enjoy. If you head up to Sapa, hope you get a better experience than I did (couldn't see my feet for the fog). What's the tips from /r/vietnam been like? I've not posted (until today), only really searched and lurked. It's alright, plenty food recommendations and stuff, and we used it when deciding what internal flights to book. Seeing the number of tourists posting makes me think we shouldn't complain in this sub, haha.  See ye when ye get back big man. Boyfriend will be getting drunk with his work mates all night so I have no idea what to do. Any suggestions? Am heading to the Bowery in Queen Street as soon as l get off the train from Aberdeen. So looking forward to my own bed tonight! (As opposed to my hotel bed, nothing more exciting..   ) Wine, cheese, chick flicks, online shopping?  Those are all very good suggestions! Thank you. I have perfected the girly, lazy Friday night routine ;) Go on /r/TrollXChromosomes for good measure, that I do when I have a chilled night in.

Edit: People, I said TrollXChromosomes, not TwoXChromosomes.  They are different places. And /r/tumblrinaction My Glasgow to Edinburgh train terminating at Bathgate due to breakdown ahead. Suggest others go for the Cross Country trains to avoid Bathgate line.

Fucks sake.. Did you watch Gary Tank Commanders election interviews with the MSP candidates? A water park in Grangemouth with flumes to Bathgate was mentioned, might have been a wee bit more fun. ...with Ruth Davidson handing out free fruit pastels whilst we queue? :0) Not like she's got anything better to do. Last exam for this week finished!  Taking the rest of the day off because I deserve it.  

Celebrating me and my boyfriend's anniversary with a drink at the Flying Duck before heading to Red Onion for a (hopefully) nice meal. I got kb'd there recently so that probably means it's good! You mean the Flying Duck?  It's a refreshing change from other bars in the city centre, though I'm still getting used to the switcheroo they did fairly recently. no the red onion haha!!

edit**

was too busy I think, I also looked a bit scruffy too imo I have a croissant. I've got two! Filled with Nutella. Breakfast heaven. Yessss! I wish I had bought two!!! Sometimes I think the most appropriate place for a Glasgow Reddit meet-up would be at the pastries counter in Sainsbury's. I used to work with a guy who'd frequently wander in, half an hour late in the morning, scoffing a croissant. He was really flaky. Oh you and your fabulous pastry-puns!  Oh my gods, it's heavenly. It's what pastry dreams are made of.  Aye but is it curved or straight? I... I don't know! I was too busy revelling in its glory to notice it's shape! Tip for next time, buy the ones that come in the can that you bake your self. Get some bacon fry it up. Hot fresh all butter croissants with bacon is the best thing ever. I have never heard of nor seen such a thing!! :o [Yeah](http://www.sainsburys.co.uk/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/gb/groceries/jus-rol-croissants-250g?langId=44&storeId=10151&krypto=eG3H4qR3y6TMEpT89LSH%2FGAXBUtRhLBdBjkNfqPU8lRyfJ0vBAZ15mmvFFxvPtC0y1RMjgz01uADms%2FAs7uvrnaAqfnZ2L0wuTSqoQJYYgYR%2FD1n0iXhzY09TOyQc8IXqmTINlGpng%2BFtb9FJ7kOZP7ypxrz6UNVRFviaLUngr8%3D&ddkey=http%3Agb%2Fgroceries%2Fjus-rol-croissants-250g) they are great prefect for a Saturday morning breakfast. 2 croissants 2 rashers in each and you can keep the rest of the dough in cling film in the fridge as long as you use it within the nest couple of days. Heading to The Gannet for dinner tonight, love it in there.  Anyone else got interesting dinner plans?  (I say interesting...boring dinner plans are welcome) Flight home from London dosent get in till half 8 so.....probably a kebab. Which although not the Gannet has its own charm. Went to the new Korean restaurant on Miller Street. It was pretty good, but the samgyeopsal portion was a bit on the small side. The supervisor was also pretty grumpy and should have been a bit nicer to his staff. Interesting! Is it ran by the Soho people?  That would explain the poor staff. Just remembered the elections are on Thursday and I'm visiting family back in England that day, tried to phone up to get a postal vote but its too late. Actually raging as up here my vote actually kind of matters.  I don't think you're too late to get a proxy vote, i.e. delegate someone to go to your polling station on your behalf. Phone them back up and check I guess. I checked and the deadline has passed unless I'm ill and get a doctors certificate  Steamie is a politics free zone!

But that is pretty annoying, you would think they would have a mechanism to allow walk up with ID to fix such circumstances. Aye, keep politics posts on /r/GlasgowPolitics ;) Amazing that we're in 2016 that online voting isn't a thing. Oh well, I guess as an Englishman loads of you wouldn't want be deciding in Scotland's politics anyway :') Ken you get ads on YouTube occasionally? And usually they're some big company? I've just been served an advert that was shot in roughly 176i for a Cornish pump manufacturer. It was just the boss talking about what sort of pumps they make, then he gave out his mobile number.

It was weirdly good Internet. Well his targeting must be way off because I'm going to go ahead and assume you are not in the target market for a pump. Not right this minute, but next time I am you'd better bet I'll be buying Cornish. They're virtually indestructible, or so I'm told. So you're the guy that doesn't us an adblocker then?! I do on my laptop, but I'm yet to be arsed to set up a blocking server on a spare Raspberry Pi, and if I had done I'd never have learned about Cornish pumps... hahah, belter. I've had something like that before for a bathroom company based in Hamilton. It's fucking snowing. Also what happened to those flats that didn't fall down when they blew them up? Did they just leave them?

Edit: What in the name of the wee man is that fucking tune of the day. Snow, glorious snow! I knew I moved to the right country! Fucking payday, get in.   Copped a freakishly large chocolate croissant in Sainsbury's yesterday. No such luck today, back to normal size breakfast... Oh gods, all I want now is a croissant. Just a plain, butter croissant, nothing fancy... and there's a Sainsbury's downstairs... They had none! Completely sold out! I braved the rain and snow for nothing! Devastated.  Its all the lurkers in this sub, they got to the buttery gold before you could take a dash downstairs.

Hopefully [this will take the edge off the craving](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9b/Croissant,_cross_section.jpg). Whichever you fuckers got to the Sainsbury's on Bothwell Street before me - fuck you.     
     
ETA: No, but it did make me more determine to grab one for breakfast tomorrow morning. I find the pastries on Buchanan St to be more miss than hit. Mostly it's day old boring croissants, but occasionally, only occasionally, you get a brilliant gold one.  The Queen Street ones are much nicer, the one halfway between Argyle and George Square. When I lived in Paris, I used to get up early in the morning and go to the local bakery for fresh bread. It was a real pain. Ayy (â˜žï¾Ÿâˆ€ï¾Ÿ)â˜ž  Random Question- Where is the best place in the city centre to grab a quick bite to eat that isn't Greggs? I'd recommend Philpotts on Bothwell Street. Great soups, sandwiches,  and they have this awesome noodle bar where you can choose your own stir fry. Only takes them a few minutes to make as the meats are pre-cooked and they just need to fry the veg. Cafe Wander on West George Street is nice. Their soups are always grand, so are their paninis. Good for breakfast too.  I like Joana Goodbite on George Street (next to Strathclyde). They do a roast every day that comes out of the oven at noon, just ask for a special baguette. Is that not closed now? Is it? Has that recently happened? A lass took me here last year http://www.riverhillcafe.com/ tasty tasty food. http://www.riverhillcafe.com/index-gordon-st.htm Yeah, Riverhill is great. Super food, even better coffee. I took couple of dates there and it was always a success.  Riverhill has been excellent every time I've been  much does it cost? By the time you add cake and juice... You won't see any change from a tenner. Martha's on st Vincent street does healthy fast food. Which is much more delicious than that sounds. Excellent wraps. There's a spicy Thai/ Chinese chicken wrap I'd highly recommend. Or NY Deli. There's on at st Enoch and one on hope street, quite far up. Excellent sandwiches, lots of choice. And superb donuts made daily. I'm deciding between Marthas or Philpotts for lunch today. It's a hard choice. I only work in Glasgow once a week and used to split between them when I was here full time. I'm in London the day for some work training thing. Getting up at 4am is miserable work, but the sky this morning was gorgeous. 

Also, now I'm in London, it's strange to find weather that actually suits April.  Down and up in a day or are you staying over?

Down and up in a day is the worst. Get up at 4am (and that's if it doesn't take you long to get ready). Get the 7pm flight home (if you're lucky) and then finally get home some time after 9. Then back up at normal time the next day to go into work. Down and up, doing the exact pattern you described. Luckily it's ba so I get a cheeky drink on the way back up. Lucky, at my previous job they made us fly RyanAir to Stansted. At least that meant I could leave at 3:30 to get there for the 7pm flight.  First in best dressed. Morning Glasgow, hope the weather isn't too bad today! 'Mon the snow. More snow, hail, rain, glorious sunshine please! With a dash of arctic winds! We're going to have to rethink letting users submit tunes if we keep getting shite like this! Looking forward to seeing Benjamin Francis Leftwich in Nice 'n' Sleazy tonight! something to look forward to after being stuck in the house for a week studying for exams.  What did you think? The gig was fantastic I thought it was quite awful :(

He had no chat whatsoever. I've been to previous gigs and he is normally really chatty, he last played in Glasgow at 2011 so he might just be getting back into the swing of things  I've just noticed that they've got rid of all the mini blue recycling bins in town. Whats that about? I don't want to destroy the world. I heard the council doesn't even have the facilities to deal with half of the recycling we do yet anyway so we sort it and they shove it back together  I'm on a quest of learning and self-discovery today. For example, I'm trying to teach myself CSS.

The self-discovery is my restraint in not throwing a monitor at the wall. Who does this shit for a living? Mines is Excel. Fucking mind-boggling. Its been that long since I had used it I had to Google how to use it for calculations the other day. Three separate people have said happy hump day to me today. What a bunch of cunts.  Happy flump day, ya marshmallow! I've no heard that patter since I stopped working in call centres. Stinking chat. Let's make it four. Happy hu... Nope can't bring myself to do it. Apartment booked for Berlin. 12 days in my favourite city and also just realised we are bang in the middle of the Euros being on while me and the Mrs are over there..Can't wait! Cool beans. We're looking to go to Berlin later on this year for a few nights. Any tips? What kind of stuff you into.. Clubbing?  Touristy stuff? Eating out? I go at least twice a year, once in winter and once in summer both times of year have a different charm.  When you thinking of going? Thinking of going in August. Just me and my wife. We like eating out and generally walking around and seeing the sights. 

Looking at a hotel in Gendarmenmarkt. Is that a good location? The city as a whole is like a walking museum.  If it's your first time I would check out the usual places like the holocaust memorial and all the different museums.  I have never stayed in Gendarmenmakt, but you are near most things and will have everything more or less within walking distance.  Make sure you check out the different areas like Mitte and Kreuzberg.  There are so many good restaurants and places to eat out and drink, and in August you should get decent weather and will be able to sit in the sun while eating and drinking.  Wee bit of homework before you go and you will have an amazing couple of nights!  Thank you. Try to get a hotel in Mitte or Prenzlauer Berg, the Gendarmenmarkt area is just overly expensive.  Yes. "just realised"

It's alright, we're not going to tell her you knew this already. Hahaha this could be true, but she was the one that noticed and told me, I'm lucky that way!   I got about 3 hours sleep, been up since half 2 or so. What a joy today is going to be. On the plus side I caught up on some good telly. Did anyone watch that "how scotland works" last night? it had a kind of public information film feel about it, but it was a decent watch. Glasgow featured heavily as with all BBC Scotland shows. Maybe they have a tight petrol budget. Modern Baseball & PUP at Stereo last night was probably the best gig I've been to since I've lived in Glasgow. Totally worth the hangover I'm suffering from at work (plus I won Â£66 on the footy last night, Everythings coming up Milhouse!) It was totally amazing, really felt like something pretty special. Was talking about it after and I think in a few years it will be comparable to having seen Jawbreaker or someone to that effect in a small venue. Dying today though. A cursory listen to the bands leads me to say leave Jawbreaker out it.

No, before you ask I did not see the Jawbreaker show at Sleazy's. Haha yeah me either. Would have been nice though.

They are worlds apart from Jawbreaker but the crowd engagement, live energy and target demographic is what brought the comparison on. https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/506328010920693760/dFl4ZE1b_400x400.png THRILLHO My weather app says that it's currently -4 in Glasgow. Is that true?

If so then fuck that. Mine said -2 when I left the house at 6am. Baltic!

It was snowing really heavily around Harthill services last night on my way home. Mental. I could believe it. Slept with the balcony door open and never felt so cold upon waking up. Check out Mr balcony door over here. Ex council house pal, not as glamorous as it may sound I dunno, sometimes I sit on my balcony here in EK and feel like I'm sunning it up on the Med. Any ladies interested in joining a bookclub? There will be wine.      
     
(ETA: There is a new thread in the sub about the next meetup.) Sexist I'd be interested! I'll DM you the details shortly :) Definitely interested!  Have sent you a DM :) You'd probably have better luck dropping the book front and just renaming it "Society of cheap wine and patter" or it could be an 'Ann Summers' party :D That is chronic patter mate. a bit like this comment you made.  If you have nothing good to ssy better not to say it You should practice what you preach. ummm why is what i said not nice? did I offend you?  Are you scared of dildos and underwear?  Or are you just a pussy who can't keep their mouth shut and likes to belittle others? I just said it was 'chronic patter' not that it 'wasn't nice.' And yes, you are correct - I have a phobia of sex toys and lingerie, I'm a pussy, I can't keep my mouth shut and I love belittling others.

All of those are under my skills section on my CV. For fucks sake guys. Only in Glasgow could starting a book club cause an argument. 

Let's hope nae men turn up "Of Mice and Men? Aye, if ah wur George, ah'd pure chib Lennie tae, the daft cunt" I like the pretence. Exam #1 of 3 this morning. It's been 15 years since I last had exams and this might be the first time I've actually felt reasonably confident about any of them. 

God speed.  Good luck mate. Am stopping work tonight to study for my exam on Tuesday. Good stuff, what are you studying? Hopefully just under a week should give you plenty of time. Mechanical Electronic Engineering. Exam is on Energy conversion technologies. Think it should go alright its the first time they are running half of the exam so I have no way to practice those parts. Bit of a snider. Good luck man. Relax, read the question at least twice before thinking about the answer. If you finish early spend the time well by going over all your answers and the questions again. Hope it goes well. Thanks. Most of the questions were happy but there was one bit I didn't study properly. Should be enough for a pass though. Nice one.  Anyone recommend a decent driving instructor in/about the Shawlands area? Cheers If it's snowing and you don't post about it on Facebook with the caption "I hate when everyone posts about snow but...", is it really snowing? Anyone else notice loads of folk getting on trains at rush hour last night with Logitech keyboards. Some sort of giveaway I think. Hunners of kids? There was an event on at Strathclyde Uni yesterday. Something to do with getting young folk interested in technology. Both kids and adults alike. I was playing with mechanical keyboards the other week and it made me want to drop exorbitant money on one. Clickety clack, so satisfying. the other devs at my last place brought their own mechanical keyboards into work. satisfying sound. i can't really justify the cost though. Not only the sound, but the feel of the switches is class. Definitely could never justify that much money on a peripheral that's not a monitor though. :( I had a mechanical keyboard when I had a gaming PC and it was probably the best purchase of the lot. Das Keyboard with blue switches and it was the most enjoyable typing experience I've had yet. Totally worth the money considering the amount of time you'll spend using it. Weather in Glasgow today is better than it was all weekend in Rome. 0/10. Exam 3 and I managed to leave at literally the last minute I could before having to wait until the final finish time.

Apparently I missed someone getting reported to the Senate Office which I'm gutted to miss. I'm trying ro start a business and ordered business cards today. On the face of it they look like a tremendous bargain. But when you get to the checkout not as tremendous. Next time I will go to a printer. Happy with the end result though. I use a local printer due to a bad vista print experience a few years ago.He's a little more expensive but great service and quality.

What is your new business? Counselling and stress management. I wanted to use the Printbox in Finnieston, but I thought this would be cheaper. who do you use and what kind of business do you have? I get stressed reading the absolute fucking pish on here, what counselling can you offer?

(good luck!) Thank you! I offer a mixed approach. Special rates for Redditors! Had the stressiest day ever at work and in spite of my boss being a downright rude cunt I managed to get everything booked with 20 minutes to spare. I'm going home and having a beer.  Well in mate Flatmates dad gave me a ride to work today and he always brings his dog with him in the car. Petting dogs on the way to work sure beats the bus! naaw! Sounds like the perfect start to the day! I'd love a job where they had an office dog. My girlfriend applied for a job where the owner was blind. One of the responsibilities was cleaning up after the guide dog. I hate guide dogs that leave all their washing up in the fucking sink like it's someone else's job to clean it up. Worked in an office where they had a dog. Was odd. When I used to work at the Canadian High Commission in London the High Commissioners dog always used to walk around the second floor, was ace That wasn't a euphemism for his wife being unattactive yet wore revealing clothing was it? Some guy has just walked into my office (where I am sitting, doing my thing i.e. working) and started chatting on his mobile phone, on what sounds like a highly confidential call... In my office.... Where I am working... On his mobile phone...    
I mean, I know I am quite short, but I didn't realise I was invisible. You have your own office? Nice work if you can get it! I share it with my Boss, but we're technically a different organisation to the rest of the office/company so we have our own office hidden away. I hope you get on with your boss 'cause if you didn't it could be uncomfortable. Thankfully we get alone really well - he's only in the office 2/5 days, and then when he is in we have good gossip sessions. He's one of those people who don't realise that not EVERYONE has ALL THE MONEY though, which can be a bit uncomfortable for a pleb like me. Day 2 of exams and I have already gone into treat yourself mode.  Currently having a nice soup from Naked soup (which, in fairness, wouldn't have cost much more than a supermarket meal deal). Fuck it it's the whole package deal. Going to an independent beats being in the incandescent buzz of s supermarket Probably better for me too, I got some fruit thrown in with the soup and bread.  Plus, I actually sat in so I got to be somewhere which isn't the drab computer lab. If you are considering studying at City of Glasgow College, don't.  ...why? I'm meant to be starting there in September... Depends what you are studying, but in my experience the infrastructure is awful, disinterested part-time tutors and a boring/easy curriculum. I had a disinterested tutor at City of Glasgow last year. Thought it was a one off case until I've seen your comment. Not good. But it's different between departments i've been going to city of glasgow college for 2 years now and my lecturers have all been great. The most disinterest i've seen from a tutor is when they have to get you to do those stupid surveys. I'm going to be doing IT. Had my interview in the North Hanover Street campus which was really run down, but I'll be based in one of the new buildings which hopefully will be a bit nicer. My cousin is doing a HND in accounting there and says the department is a complete disaster My son is doing the HND in computing there... Asked him last night what he did that day (I work in the industry) and he told me they were setting up a server in the lab. A Win2003 Server. I'm speaking to my Microsoft colleagues about this state of affairs presently before engaging with the course leadership to ask why they are lagging so far behind. Yikes... The nautical department is a mess. The college try to force it to run like a normal department where half the students go away on placements every 5 months in the middle of terms and stuff. When the 3 colleges joined the contracts for newer lecturers were less favourable than the old ones of the individual colleges. Riverside is overcrowded while Townhead is being finished. It seems like since the colleges have merged it has been complete chaos - my Maw works at Anniesland (now Glasgow Kelvin I think?  I've forgotten) and she was telling me about how all the older contracts were much better than hers.  The sport department (where she works) pretty much had to force the overall college to give my Maw a permanent contract after 4-5+ years of service to the department. Car died on the way home yesterday and is gonna cost at least Â£250 to fix the fucker. There goes Mays social life. Shite. What's wrong with it? The alternator is gubbed and the battery might need replaced as well. Payday is just around the corner so it won't be off the road for long but it's an expense I could really do without. Worth a look around your local breakers yard, you might be able to pick up an alternator in decent nick for less money. If OP doesn't want to trudge around breakers yards, a lot of breakers strip the cars themselves and put the parts on ebay. May cost a few quid more but it'll save time and petrol. MVP right here ^ Any good with a set of tools? Its only usually a few bolts to change out an alternator (depending on the car of course) and the battery will be even easier. Labour is the most expensive part of fixing cars and I save a tonne by doing what I can myself.

Eurocarparts for the parts.

Alternatively, source the parts yourself and take it to a mechanic to swap them. You can usually save quite a few quid sourcing the parts yourself as the garage will just get it from their local supplier regardless of cost and put their own markup on it.

Edit: Haynes workshop manuals are very helpful also. No idea why this got down voted. A sensible reply. Redditors are a strange bunch sometimes. I'm shite on the tools! I wouldn't know where to start! I'll have a look at eurocarparts and see how much cheaper they are. Eurocarparts is dead easy to use. Just bosch your reg in on the left and it'll select all the applicable parts for your car.

Edit: I know not everyone is comfy with car tinkering which is cool, but if haynes do a manual for your car it will have step by step instructions on how to replace both parts. Having somone help you with your first few jobs if poss is a good safety net to get confidence up. Use the code "DISCOUNT20" doing click and collect just now at Eurocarparts for 20% off. As above, what car is it? Some are a total doddle to change. Thanks for that mate. The car is an 08 Volvo S40. No idea how easy a job it might be but I know I cannae do it! Shame, I dont know anyone really familiar with Volvos. Ill ask around though. An alternative would be getting your alt refurbished at Prolek up towards Springburn: I had the windings and regulator replaced on mine by them and they only took fifty quid off me. Way cheaper than a new alt. Start at the new place today! Pretty nervous but also excited and hope it is the fresh start I've been waiting for. Ahhhhh Good luck on your first day! Hope you're wearing a statement piece, or a pop of colour ;) Wee pop of red with my monochrome look. I got this ;) Woo! You show 'em how it's done ;D Backwards cap like that guy from last week/ It's a blood splatter. Dominance asserted. i like my new job, right, but honestly the amount of absolutely shitty code that the previous devs left is actually unbelievable. it's a wonder anything works at all. it took 4 hours the other day for their shit system to generate a spreadsheet with 180 rows in it. this is indicative of the situation that folk have been working with here for years. you'd think that whoever wrote that script would have gone "hmm, 4 hours, wow i must have fucked something up really badly, i better investigate to see what that was...." but apparently not. now i get to be code janitor and clean up everyone else's shite for a few months. I found at all jobs I've had (3 major banks) their systems are almost universally terrible. They are really slow and it generally just takes ages to get anything done. Also, all the talent leaves because they get more money in other places. What other places offer more money than banks? I meant people move from bank to bank to get a pay rise higher than they would if they got promoted. Also, consulting pays a lot too. Yeah banks are notorious for having shitty old systems and being afraid to touch them. I always assumed the only reason people went to work for banks is because they paid more. Fortunately the bosses here are pretty much on board with all the suggestions I've made so I'm gonna get to tear out all this shite, but it's embarrassing it got committed in the first place. Yep they are. If the system works why replace it with something new? Most of the time it would literally cost millions to replace and has the potential to cause major issues that could result in fines if it went wrong. There's enough change going on in banks already without replacing something that works.

I think a lot of people, myself included, went into the banking sector because they're one of the major employers in Glasgow and there are far more opportunities there than any other company. >it took 4 hours the other day for their shit system to generate a spreadsheet with 180 rows in it.


How many million columns did it have?! It only had W columns. Did you figure out the source of the poor performance? nah, got a million other things to be getting on with. almost everything is slow, that particular one is low priority. It'll be a list being looked up for some item within it, called 300,000 times. E.g. finding what row a person is on by their name. It's almost always a fucking crappy list iterator. If you list when you should map you are going to have bad time. 

Replace that bitch with a map or cache lookup and revel in rockstar coding status when it runs in under 30 seconds.  aye there's plenty of that going around. check [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/programminghorror/comments/4em8fk/why_is_this_api_request_that_should_return_3_rows/) oot. That's.....actually worse than I expected. Talk about missing the point! Missed my bus back from Manchester yesterday but blagged my way onto the next one which was a Megabus gold. Having such a comfortable journey almost made not getting home until 9pm worth it.  First exam of five today... only slightly terrified 4th year life sciences? I'm in the same boat!  yepppp, how was it for you today? Good I think, but I was fairly confident about this one anyway. Options B & C are freaking me out a bit though! You? I'm glad! Yeah today wasn't bad, dreading wednesday's and friday's as well, good luck! Best of luck! What exam is it today? cheers, Autonomic nervous system today!  Good luck - I am sure you'll be fine :) Got home to find a very stressed kitten and obvious signs someone has been in my flat :\ Woah fuck I'm so sorry. Call the police? X  Nothing has been taken (no tv, crappy pc, etc etc) so not much for me to tell them :/ Definitely still report it though. Call 101 for the non emergency line.  There's a few folk with instruments promoting the new season of GoT in Central today, felt pretty awesome walking to my train with the main theme playing away.. I used to live in London and the marketing all over for the show is insane, never seen a show with such a big marketing budget (shame the show's pish mind) I watched one episode and it was laugh out loud pish. It's also the kind of thing that old women in my work talk about, which tells me everything I need to know. I watched 4 seasons and got fed up how long so many storylines take to resolve, kept being told it gets good but out of the 40 odd I watched about 7 were actually good.  is it? aye? I did once go round my mates house to watch it and spend most of the time staring at the ceiling instead, but I was absolutely stoned out my tattie so I can't really say that is a meaningful review of the programme. Bold statement mate. Can't stop picturing 6 Romanian guys playing it with a prominent accordion noise, the odd trumpet squeak here and there with the backing of an out of tune guitar. Don't forget the hybrid horn-violin-thing. What even is that thing, it's cool as fuck. It's called a Violumpet.



.
.
.
.
.
.
.








I have no idea what it's actually called! It's a trumpiola First exam out of five this week and out of 10 overall today.  Welp.

[Going to try and channel my inner Ru.](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/PzXN63T)

Good luck to anyone else with exams starting soon. Fuck, I thought I was bad with 3 this week and 5 overall! Good luck!  Thanks, you too! That's a busy week. All the best with the exams. Thanks!  Thankfully it's one a day until Friday otherwise I would go mad. Good luck! Stay strong, focussed, and reward yourself with some wine at the end of it all :D Thank you.  :). Wine will definitely be called for after all of this shite. You know where to find me ;) Think I might have lost my phone last night, also was reminded how much I suck at werewolf. In Aberdeen for work and it's absolutely baltic. Snow and hailstones a-plenty Doing the kilt walk today, full 26 miles. I must be mad. Can confirm, I is kill.

Not too bad actually, took about 7h 45. As soon as I sat down for dinner the legs started talking to me. Was good though, might do it again next year. But a top bloke for doing it. I think I'd die if I tried. Off to the gym for operation- get my tubby arse in a bridesmaid dress. Yay.  Are you going to do what a lot of folks do and pop in for a McDonalds breakfast afterwards to treat yourself after working so hard in the gym? Urgh no as a Maccy D's breakfast is minging, even the thought of an egg mcmuffin gives me the dry boak. Though I do occasionally get a hash brown out of there. I've been using these books recently and found them pretty handy. Some of it is stuff you could work out fairly easy on your own but there are some nice ideas in there. 

https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/150880723X/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1

https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/1518786413/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


There is a bit of duplication between the two books but overall they are decent. Even the smallest amount of red wine makes this time in the morning on a Sunday hellish. Wine is a lethal drink, no good ever comes from it. Every hangover I've ever had has been caused by wine. Whereas when I've drank spirits or beer, I've generally been OK the next day.  Anything sweet gives me a gigantic hangovers, even if I waterup. Can't even look at a Moscato without cringing. 6:36 on a Sunday morning and I'm wide awake about to get out of bed because it's driving me mad just lying here. Tomorrow I'll want to stay in bed all day because I know I can't, I hate the way my mind works Oh hey, Korpi in the Grand again. Last time they were there their bus crashed on the way to the gig and nobody told us idiots waiting out in line so we stood for 90 minutes in bitterly cold weather. Can smell something cooking in the gaff and can hear the rain outside, preparing to do hee-haw. Bliss! As much as I complain about the weather sometimes it's a great excuse to just hang around the house. Was really nice earlier as well, I went outside and... pishing rain. Doing hee-haw is the right idea mate. Been spending all day playing guitar and learning as many Elliott Smith songs as possible, smashing way to enjoy a Sunday! Pretty much completely deaf this morning. Wonder how long that's going to last. What? #PRETTY MUCH COMPLETELY DEAF THIS MORNING. WONDER HOW LONG THAT'S GOING TO LAST.
***

##[^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot, ^^^and ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^respond ^^^to ^^^myself.](https://np.reddit.com/r/CantHearYouBot/) New plantbaby to add to the ever growing menagerie (10 plantbabies and counting)!    
Also, beef and caramilsed onion tagine presently being made.    
Very happy with today's adulting.  That sounds bloody lovely. The growing indoor garden, or the beef and caramelised onion tagine? Yes  Well, I can give you the recipe to the tagine! The indoor garden is a wee bit more difficult. Yea that would be great. 1 large onion, diced     
1 tbsp olive oil     
1 tsp brown sugar     
Pinch salt     
400g braising beef, diced     
2 carrots, diced     
400g tin diced tomatoes     
400g tin chickpeas, drained     
1 tsp each: minced garlic, ground cumin, ground turmeric, honey     
1/2 tsp each: minced ginger, minced chilli, ground cinnamon     
3 cloves     
2 cups beef stock     
Salt & pepper to taste     
     
Cook onions in the oil, salt, brown sugar over low-medium heat for 10-15 minutes, or until onions are soft and brown.     
Add beef, and cook over high heat for 5 minutes or until browned.     
Add everything else and bring to boil.     
Pop on lid, reduce to low heat, walk away for 2-3 hours.     
Take off lid, walk away for 30 minutes or until sauce has thickened.     
 Anyone else have a rotten sleep last night? It was one of those maddening nights where it was too warm under the covers but too cold out of them.  If you don't have one, buy a 4.5 tog duvet for summer.  Honestly one of the best purchases I made for myself.

Also, just spotted your username is a quote from The Big Lebowski, nice. I bought one of them last summer by mistake. It's barely even a duvet. It's more like cappuccino foam. Or the ghost of a dead 12 tog duvet. ...but fantastic when you live in a top flat which gets uncomfortably hot during the summer. Or you can buy a duvet which is 1 10.5 tog with a 4.5 duvet. In the really cold weather you can combine the 2 and have a 15 tog.I have a 15 tog for the winter and a 10 tog for the summer- I always feel the cold. Add a flanelette duvet cover in and you are sorted for the Scottish winter Wan leg in, wan leg oot?  Aye but even them I was turning like a rotisserie chicken to try and keep the balance.  Somehow managed to wake up at 6:30am, this sucks. On a more uplifting note I've gotten back into Dark Souls 2, can see myself wasting today.

Also the official reddit app is beyond shite. It just feels like the desktop site in app form.  What other app do you use I use Blue Alien but haven't went pro yet. Sync for reddit here Alien Blue for iPhone was by far my favourite despite a few in-app issues loading some links. Baconit was quite good for WP8, but lacked the support.  I've been using[ Relay for Reddit](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=free.reddit.news&hl=en_GB) for a few years. No complaints. Love this app.  Tried loads over the past year or so and this is by far the best. Great app, pro version recommended. Especially on smaller screens. This. People spend Â£400 on a phone without blinking an eye. But ask them to pay a couple of quid to support a developer who designed an app they use every day and they think you've lost your mind! I use reddit is fun app on Android, no complaints with it but I've never tried any other ones I've had the same problem too picking a new Reddit app because apparently they're not updating the Alien Blue one anymore because they have the official app, though it's shite because it doesn't load a lot of gifs and stuff natively. 

I'd say try Narwhal, it has the least buggy and nice interface with decent developers, and it's the one I've found to be best the past couple weeks. I use Narwhal. Chose it mostly for the name, but I've had no problems. It's not perfect, but there is nothing about it that makes me angry. Cheers man, I'll give that a look. I'm pissed alien blue up and died it was class  Aye, there's issues with it clashing with Reddit's front page API. Sucking it up with the crap official app. Loving dark souls 3 right now. I've heard good things, but unfortunately I'm still on X360 so my game choices are limited. DS2 still holds up really well though. DS2 is a really good game yeah, I enjoyed it a lot.

If you haven't played DS1, give that a pop also. Good fun. Been out with my mates for two days straight now. Went to the Paisley beer festival yesterday. Not sure what to do today.  If you slow down you will die full steam ahead  That's the plan. My mate is playing a card game today so we're planning on having victory drinks.  Saturday 5am I'm wide awake...FUUUUUUUCK Fell asleep on the sofa, woke up about 3am and moved to bed. Had a worse sleep there!

Today I am cleaning the whole flat and as my boyfriend is away and has left me his car, I'm going to do a big shop at asda! Rock and roll like right there.  if you were any more rock and roll you'd need a coke budget Morning you bunch of Rockets. It's Friday. YAAASSSS. About time eh.  I was working last weekend. 13 days in a row. 

Thank fucking *God* it's Friday, son.  Let's hope the weather holds for the weekend!

Ah shit I'm working all weekend. I hope it fucking rains. Purple rains. Working from home on a Friday. None of this commuting to Edinburgh pish. Just got a lovely chat up line:

"Scuse me, do I know?"

"No..."

"Is your second name Jacobs?"

"No..."

"..'cause you're a cracker!"

*Laughter ensues from his pals*

Called them dicks and walked off.  At least that was a semi-original chat up. Men need to start using cheesey pickup lines again. you never know he might have been offering to take you to the Ritz Maybe, maybe.  Don't think my boyfriend would be too happy about that if I went galavanting with him though. Galavanting! Yas!! You like the word then? did you miss the joke? I apparently did.  I read things very literally.

Well played.  Upvote to you. Went to Ox and Finch for dinner last night, was a wee bit disappointed to be honest. Nothing terrible about it, it was just a wee bit wanky and the booze was unbelievably pricey for what it was. Service with a bit of a grump as well.

Mind you, we stuck to the fish and veggie menu, perhaps their meat dishes are more interesting. Been a couple of times; once a month or so after it opened and it was *great* - everything about it was great. Second time was definitely lacklustre, and the service was grumpy and the beer was extortionate.. doubt I'll go back again now. A fiver for a 330ml can of Banker's Manmilk? It's Finnieston guys, not Camden. I didn't like it. All the food comes at the one time and we ran out of room on the table. Wouldn't go back.  Interesting, we had the opposite problem of having to wait ages between dishes. Seems they're inconsistent. that's a shame, i've been once and i really liked it. I'll probably give it a second shot anyway. we were already pished last time so maybe that helped... My tune of the day! I ran at the gym today, only my second time. For every minute of brisk walking I managed up to 20 seconds of running. This is 10 seconds more than I managed last week and next week I hope to do more.  Well done. It's all baby steps. Just focus on, and enjoy, the small gains. Thank you for the support. I appreciate it One of these days I'll take up exercise. Not today, but one day. Quite a few food trucks down at the Clyde today when I drove past. Don't know what the script is with them. Just near St Enoch's, might be shout if your in town and after some lunch. Aye it's the Broomielaw food truck festival or something.  TIM.  

Do you think the Friday Steamie should have a collapse-able events field for the weekend ahead?

Also, do you think that Last.FM / Songkick or somewhere should be scraped instead of just the pish from the list?

Finally, do believe that people should try and help out with Steamie instead of just making demands? Like that first idea, might look into implementing it if I have time later! Can you make collapsible sections? We could just link to the additional info elsewhere? I'm sure I've seen it done with Reddit markup. Will look at it when I get some time. There's possibly something done with subreddit CSS and/or spoiler tagging, but there's no way to have a collapsible section in markdown. I'd prefer not to have a CSS-based solution since it doesn't work well for mobile users and anyone that disables subreddit CSS. Must've been a CSS type solution I saw. It's a shame markdown doesn't support that. Suppose we could add links to the upcoming weekend's List pages to the bottom of the Friday/Saturday listings section? I know they don't work amazingly for mobile users, but surely a spoiler section with Sat/Sun's events would be a quick and dirty solution? Spoilers are collapsible right? Most spoilers depend on subreddit CSS too. Half of them don't work properly on mobile.  That's shite. Would a simple pastebin link work? Or am I just awful at ideas Aye, but at that point we'd be as well just linking to whatever website we use for the source of information. Aye.

I quite like the idea of a "What's on this weekend" section that's posted throughout the week and isn't limited to music. Means that people can get a flavour for what's going on and actually plan to attend. Nice idea! So what websites do people tend to use to find out what's happening? As someone with no free money or time, I have no idea. There's a fuckton on by the look of things:

https://www.list.co.uk/events/when:today/location:Glasgow(55.8621,-4.2465)/distance:5/ So what do we want this to look like? I'm worried it'll make the post too busy, but more variety would be good... Yes, but I don't think collapsible sections are possible on reddit. Happy to be corrected on that though.

Aye, the lists a bit shite. I'll look into new sources.

The source code for Steamiebot is at https://github.com/maaarghk/SteamieBot. Anyone can submit pull requests if they've made some changes. the inherent issue with songkick, the list and last.fm are that it doesnt include other arts / sports events that are on. Our feed only shows live music at the moment too. Perhaps we should expand on it. Sport? I'm not sure where you could pull a list of important local sporting events though.

 Yeah, arts and other nonsense could encourage us all to be a bit more cultured! Anyone going to the Analog Angel gig tomorrow night in town?  I might go just to see if I can spot you - there can't be too many folks about in statement pieces and a splash of colour... Haha! I wasn't actually planning on wearing a statement piece NOR a pop of colour!     
That aside, entry is only Â£6 and it should be a bit of fun. Suggest purple as your pop of colour?  I don't own anything purple :( Go out and buy a purple hat! Something like this perhaps? https://img.costumecraze.com/images/vendors/forum/66123-Purple-Sequin-Fedora-large.jpg  That's a bit too showy IMO. Perhaps something [like this](http://i.imgur.com/FhOmdWz.jpg) would be subtler?! Lets take it up a notch from there... 

http://i.imgur.com/vsegIis.jpg  Get that child to a hospital, QUICK! It's supposed to make a *statement* though. So "showy" is kinda the point. Raspberry beret Shirley Going to a gig in Edinburgh tonight then up at 6 to catch a bus to a festival in Manchester tomorrow. Who needs sleep? (first the busiest day of the week at work to get through though...) Quite fancy a trip to Manchester, not been in a while.  Anything good on? I'm heading down for Manchester Punk Festival. Great little all dayer, Â£21 for a full day of punk bands + an after party. The Flatliners, Gnarwolves, Crazy Arm, Wonk Unit, Brawlers and The Kimberley Steaks all playing this year. Should be great Cider on the train! Getting the megabus, some bus beers will be has This sounds awesome. It's sold out but I'm gonna heck it out next year. Update from my date!      
My statement piece was a success and he asked for a second date.      
However, his statement piece was not a success and I said no.     
Choose your statement pieces wisely, peeps! > statement piece

What is a statement piece exactly? It started with this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4det65/the_steamie_tuesday_5_april_2016/d1qiazf Interesting. Statement piece never works for me! Maybe you need a pop of colour? :P Last one was a red shirt. Probably not the best for an interview. Definitely not the best for an away mission! Well I did try to remove the marks left by the previous owner.

Worn once, small-ish hole, slight scorching round edges. One size fits all species? What was your statement piece? Cleavage.    
I kid! It was a pink scarf with a matching pink/black handbag.  > Cleavage.

How you doing? Sup ;) Sup ;)

Fancy a trip to the shops after work for some "Late Night Thursday" hat shopping? What style you thinking of? A nice fedora, to be sure!  

This summer I am contemplating a stetson, I just love cowboys!

 Oh dear.... Come on m'lady, you just gotta have [faith](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-EdCNjumvI)! Did you sign up to reddit specifically to post this reply? How you doing? Very well, thank you.  A Steamie regular too embarrassed to make the come on with their main account? At least he was thoughtful enough to let us know he owns no hats? Aye, cos you weren't impressed with your date's choice of headwear. He's really making the effort for you. I can tell! I think I'm falling for him already ;) Was his statement piece leather troosers? Comb-over? Howlin' breath? A baseball cap. Worn backwards.     
There were some serious Fred Durst vibes going on. Did he keep on Rollin'? Backwards baseball caps leave me with no Faith in humanity. If I had My Way people who wear them would be shot. He was probably just looking for Nookie, and will probably Break Stuff when he realises he's not getting any.

I have too much time on my hands. Ain't that The Truth. There is only one excuse for a baseball cap backwards, and that's if you're ginger and the back of your neck is burning.

Source: Am ginger.

[This sort of thing](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-VvY_AK8435M/UCG14iWOLTI/AAAAAAAAABw/fsg7KmCTLCA/s1600/Hat+fail.jpg) is unforgivable, never mind indoors. Wearing a peaked hat backwards and covering your eyes from the sun with your hand is a new level of idiocy. Can confirm he was not ginger.  Does ginger hair count as a "statement piece"? No sorry, but it is a pop of colour! I'm learning so much. Good choice, have an upvote.

I'm an AngryAngryScotsman, part of my anger is towards those who constantly wear hats, especially indoors. There was a guy at the Explosions in the sky gig wearing a bobble hat.  Thank you.    
There was a girl at the pub we went to who was wearing a wide-brimmed hat. I wanted to make a snide remark. But couldn't. Because he was wearing a cap. Backwards.     
I feel your anger. Don't be too hasty. Dating the 90s could be fun. Go rollerblading on your second date. Third date, romantic dinner debating oasis vs blur, turtles vs power rangers and pacey vs Dawson. When things get serious, get a tamagotchi as a trial before you adopt a furby together. He was more a G.I. Joe kinda guy - he spent 30 minutes talking at me about his collection. My issue there is that GI Joe was called Action Force over here. I'm sure I still have all my old ones, which would make a pretty sweet collection, but I'm reluctant to admit that now as it apparently does not impress women. It may impress some women... Just not this woman... When you've been talking about it for half an hour... Wearing a cap... Backwards.     
 So if my cap were forward, you'd listen intently to me telling you about how I led Roadblock on a successful campaign against Cobra Command? You're still wearing a cap indoors, so no. I would still be judging you. harshly. A G.I. Joe collection? Where do you meet these people o.O (saying that I'm the kind of person to talk about my record collection so I can't judge tbh) We met via the internet - he carefully concealed his lust for toys and 90's fashion behind bad puns and an obsession with food.     
I would love to discuss record collections (well, music in general) on a date, so, judge away.  That's the trouble with internet dating, it can be so misleading.

I once met a lass from a dating site and she was pretty as a button in her pic online, in her outfit as a wedding guest. 

When I met her in person it turned out she'd managed to put on about four stone and was a habitual drunk driver. It wasn't so much that she was overweight, more the fact that she had blatantly mislead by using an out of date photo.

Not a bad shag though mind. love it - she's overweight, drink,drives but you say meh fuck it i'll shag it anyway, brilliant You can't say I'm no the romantic, eh? See, I always include a photo of me hungover and makeup free so  don't mislead people. However, there's been a fair few dates I've been on where the information provided has not proved factual. This date for example, said he was 5'10. He was in fact 5'5. Had I known he was only 5'5 I would not have worn four inch heels... I'm 5'2. I am NOT used to being the tallest person on a date, and I'm not sure I liked it. He's passionate! Are you mental? Oasis vs Blur is first date material. Got to know where you stand. Oh god, good point. "I was more a Pulp kinda guy" would see me get up and leave.  Possibly throwing the table over on my way. It's not multiple fucking choice you dick! Well Id be asking to get glassed, saying I was into Pantera :( I have no problem with you liking Pantera, but that wasn't the question was it?  Actually, if I asked you A or B and you answered anything C through Z, I probably would glass you, aye. Some men just want to see the world burn. Hello /r/glasow,

I've spent the last ten days in your city on a business trip from the US, and I've had a great time. I got to explore the city centre a bit and even had a few sunny days. Everyone was very friendly and helpful (and quite drunk on Sunday).  I definitely plan to come back on vacation and see more on personal time. 

My favorite places were the Kelvinsgrove Art Museum, West Brewery, and Bread Meats Bread. 

Cheers! People would have been drunk on Sunday as it was two rival football teams playing for the first time in a while. These matches really being the worst out in people; I'm a doctor in a local hospital and by the end of my shift we had a lot of alcohol/football related fools through the door. I hope what you saw didn't put you off!

Safe trip home, come back soon! Luckily we didn't see much more than some aggressive singing and the usual drunk yelling. Still had a great time Glad you enjoyed it, we're no bad really. There's another potential sub headline. Woke up to the sound of my neighbour's door being bashed in by the police. Good morning. ðŸ˜“ I misread that as *neighbours dog*. I think I need more sleep. Ooft sorry about that! Fucking hell, so did I.  What a brutal start to my day.   Sorry!  I saw paprika, I bought paprika, I dredged my homemade potato wedges in paprika. 10 minutes into coking time I realised I could smell cinnamon. Saw paprika, bought mixed spice. House smells like Christmas Hi guys,

The Glasgow Market seems a little dead so I thought I'd post this here.

For sale: one baseball cap. Excellent condition. Only worn once, but due to a rather traumatic experience (the wound is still a little too fresh for me to go into details) I have made a solemn vow to never wear a hat again.

Â£100 ono.

Also, I have an extensive toy collection and the complete back catalogue of all Nu Metal bands circa 1996 - 2002 which again, due to events I'm not willing to discuss, I am looking to part with.

Again, these are not going cheap as they are still dear to me and they are also a great conversation starter. No time wasters please, serious offers only. Prince - pan breed > Prince 

FFS 2016 needs to stop this shit. Taps aff? [Apparently not](http://www.taps-aff.co.uk/) Less than a degree from taps aff. So close, yet so far. It is now. Saw my first taps aff of the year this morning here in EK. It's no that warm! When the nice weather comes in it really hammers home how much more depressed I get during the winter months and how light and free I feel during the summer. I need to move to a warmer climate.  Have you considered getting an SAD light? Made all the difference to m this winter Those actually work?

I worry about looking and feeling like a potted plant at that point. Mine worked for me. Before I got it I dreaded winter and I remember the Winter before last; I was really sad and fed up. I was dreading the long nights. This Winter was much much better I have the same thing, there were times in the winter when I started work at 8 and didn't leave till 4 meaning I saw no sunlight. Definitely think it explained why I felt so lethargic over the winter I actually really love the cold and dark of winter, and I always blame living in Scotland for that weird trait...still, you cannae deny a glorious day like today! Even I'm feeling beautiful and bright! Aye its lovely, wish I wasn't at work That's the kind of weather report I like to see in the morning. If it was like yesterday all the time maybe we wouldn't have a city full of mad depressed jakes. 

Also, I was thinking about getting kittens. Does anyone have any cats they keep indoors? Or that they let out around Dennistoun? Then again between /u/IncompetentFox's shitey cat and /u/Boabs' pishy dug maybe it's not all sweetness and light.. Get air fresheners for every room, and expect to never be able to use a PC or phone without a ball of fur in your face demanding attention.  Or read, or work, or do anything that is not what they want to be doing at that exact moment. Two cats over here, mostly indoors but I occasionally throw them into the garden out back when I've had enough of their shit (garden is communal and fully enclosed, and they were outdoor cats before I moved to the city). They eat me out of house and home and there is fur everywhere. I have two indoor cats, live nearby. Love them, totally recommend cats!  100% get cats, best thing ever. Our cat is indoor and in Dennistoun, wouldn't let him out unless we moved out the city. He's mostly white so RIP all my black clothes. 

If you're going for it please consider rescuing with the SSPCA, you can reserve kittens at 6 weeks and bring them home at 8. >If you're going for it please consider rescuing with the SSPCA, you can reserve kittens at 6 weeks and bring them home at 8.

Hey! Do you need to visit them beforehand? Love the idea of rehoming some old destitute critter. Seem a bit far out though. Cardonald? I'm not sure if you need to have a separate visit before you pick up but I'd imagine so. We signed up at the Glasgow shelter (yes, Cardonald), where they take some personal details and determine if your lifestyle allows for a pet - really just a formality. Once you are in their system you can visit their other shelters to see the animals they have there. We ended up reserving our we guy at 6 weeks at the Lanarkshire shelter and picked him up when he was 8 weeks.

I would recommend going along and having a chat with them. The staff in the Glasgow branch are lovely and really welcoming. We made the mistake of going to the kennels when we had no intention of rescuing a dog. I would advise against this as it can be quite upsetting, my GF has said since she wishes she hadn't went in. Good luck, I hope you find a great we addition to your family. Cats are cosmic. My cat is outdoors but that's in Dumbarton, she's cool as fuck and has never pissed or shat on anything I like. [It's a good job she's cute.](http://i.imgur.com/mOurLoT.jpg) Explosions in the sky were really good. Although at the risk of sounding like an old man, it was really loud, too loud in my opinion. Had to stand off to the side behind the pillars in order to enjoy it.

It may just be because they are a purely instrumental band, I remember thinking Mogwai were incredibly loud when I saw them live. Think I'm going to start taking ear plugs to gigs. Your not taking ear plugs? How did you survive Mogwai? Only time I've ever felt like I needed them was My Bloody Valentine at the Barras. Head was swimming 2 songs in. Huh? Speak up please, I can't hear a word you are saying. My ears are ringing after yesterday. If youre ever at a gig and find it too loud, ask the stewards for earplugs as theyve always got a huge stash. Doesnt muffle the sound really, just cuts the harshness off. I wear them every gig I go to and its much more enjoyable coming out without your ears ringing. I never realised you could do this. Cheers will remember this for the future. No worries. Been to umpteen venues and they all had ear plugs available :) Just watched that documentary about the guy painting lines on the road. He sounded much more enthusiastic about his job than I am about mine today.  What documentary is this? https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4fh90l/roadliners_a_short_docu_about_the_road_signage/  
Everybody wants to feel like this about their job. Awesome, thanks! Don't know how I missed this. Victoria Wood.  
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-36094827  
Fuck this year. That is sad news. What good 2nd hand stores are there? In particular the city centre/merchant city. 

I've been to Mr Ben and City Retro Fashion. Quite enjoy browsing through the things hoping to find something my skint arse can afford.  Cex m8 You really want to head into the west end for that. Outwith that section of the trongate most of them are in the west. Just found out that 'Hump Day' doesn't mean 'designated sexy-times day'. I just always thought folk were being a wee bit inappropriate when they said it. I was surprised how few people over here knew what I was on about when I would say "Happy hump-day!". The scandalous looks I received, and the hurried explanations still haunt me.  I'd only ever really heard it in the context of the inappropriate mother from Mean Girls, which is why I assumed it was a bit rude! "I'm gonna make you girls a hump day treat" is all I can think of when someone mentions the phrase. It's definitely getting used more and more recently, or maybe I've just noticed more folk saying it.  It's probably one of those things you don't really notice, until you're made aware of it? Like the way every cunt seems to be saying "should of" and "would of" now. Wtf is hump day? Wednesday - it's the hump of the working week. Wednesday, picture the week as a hill and Wednesday is when you summit and 'get over the hump'  In my experience it's always been used by people who are ultimately pretty unhappy with their working lives and only live for drowning their sorrows at the weekend. 

Always found it a wee bit sad, I mean what the fuck have Monday and Tuesday ever done to earn such hatred?  Tuesday is usually the day I find to be consistently a bit crappy. Not too bothered by Mondays. Aye it means it's over the hump. As in the peak. As in it's down hill to the weekend. It's also annoying as fuck. And I fucking cringe when people say it.  Don't worry, it isn't going to become part of my every day patter! I work one in two Saturdays so once a fortnight not only do I cringe, I also have to resist a massive eye roll at the person using the term. Never go to Australia, we say it ALL* the time.     
     
*on a Wednesday. It's your standard corporate joke. Others include:

* Happy Friday
* "How was your weekend?".... "too short, too short"
* Working hard, or hardly working? Just found out WWE are having Raw at the Hydro in November. The 12 year old inside me is insisting that I go. They're filming it too. Oh, that poor bastard on the mixer is going to earn their pay that night. Looks like the weather is too much for first bus. Just got papped off a bus on Hope Street because it had overheated. Walking round the back and there were plumes of smoke and green liquid coming out the back vent. Mildly interesting yet mildly inconvenient. Ah well, on a half day for the sunshine. 
 Spoke to Ovo Energy today about switching suppliers, They won't process it on the phone as the meters 6 foot of the ground, Spoke to the company they use for meter installation who have no issue with that as long as they are informed about it before hand.

Ended up processing the switch online where they don't ask daft questions about meter height.
 Why the fuck are people downvoting the Steamie? What the fuck is wrong with you? Don't hold out on us. How did the statement peice work? He wore a statement piece too...      
A cap...      
Backwards...     
Apparently, I was on a date with the 90's.
     
 You need a better source of men. Suggestions? ahh fuck I don't know. Not really in the dating scene. I have tried Happn, PoF, OKC, Tinder, Reddit, friends of friends, and cute guy at the bar/pub/club. I think I have exhausted most options. However, at the end of the day, the problem is me, not them. C'est la vie. At least you all get to hear the funny stories ;) Fuck that, the problems not you your allowed standards. Anyway a free meal is a free meal. Naaw, ta! But that's why the problem is me - I have standards haha. Also, I bring out the crazy in people.    
I don't think of it as free wine/meal, I think about it as funny tales to tell and have a laugh over :) When I go out clothes shopping for something specific, say a jaykit or such, I can never find one. 

When I go out for a ramble around the shops, I always stumble upon clothes I like that fit me well. Rage against the machine? Heading up to Ingleston today for the SNP Referendum manifesto launch. Great day for it as well. > SNP Referendum manifesto launch.

Once in a generation decision aye?  Standard SNP. Launched in accordance with the EU referendum, mostly just to push the agenda for May 6th. I'm not on Reddit to talk politics though, it was a good day out. Aye, not suitable for steamie patter, sorry!  Perfect day for it. What's their policy on spaghetti? Mostly positive. Nicola strikes me as more of a tagliatelle person though. Must be separate from sauce. Those fucking rat bastards Totally flunking uni but not really gee'in a fuck so that should probably tell me something about how much I care about my course. Still, ive got plenty of time to find out what I really enjoy doing since this aint it. See if you can suspend your spot for a year, spend a year working a shite job and travelling for cheap around Europe and then you have the option of going back to it if you change your mind without all the hassle? Looking for restaurant suggestions for a good pre-theatre on Friday evening. Somewhere in town, towards the Citizen's would be good. Already crossed Cossachok, Maggie's, Tron and Mono off the list. Cheers.  Where's a decent place to get my ears pierced in the west end? I don't want to go into a dodgy looking backstreet tattoo shop but I also don't want to go to Claire's Accessories.  Tribe 2 on Bank Street.  Not Westend but the place down the Trongate called Nirvana is good.  Wherever you go, make sure it's needles rather than guns, and ensure everything is properly steralised and prepared. As weird as it sounds, build a rapport with the piercer - a friendly piercer will take better care of you than one who thinks of you as pure Â£. Don't be afraid to question their positioning - They'll mark it before they pierce it. Don't let them pierce til you're super happy with the spots. Finally, and most importantly, swap from studs/barbells to sleepers asap - the piercings will heal faster. Babyoil, vaseline, or coconut oil are your friend.  Thanks! Last piercing I got was done at the place in the basement of Topshop in London, sounds dodgy lol but they did everything you described above. I want somewhere like that in Glasgow! Honestly, just walk into whatever place you see. If it's clean, and sanitary, just chat to the piercer, see if you hit it off. I see lots of places around town offering piercings, so just go for a wander and I am sure you'll find the perfect piercer ;) I think piercers/piercings are such a personal thing. My best piercer was at a place similar to Claires (but in Sydney). Legit, painless piercings (and these were surface piercings).     
     
(and if they're good, let me know. Getting some new piercings soon, and my preferred piercer lives in oz...) Ah fair enough - I'll keep you updated! :) Do :D So I went to Claire @ Nirvana on Chisholm St as recommended by /u/DRUNKENGLASWEGIAN (lol) and they were fab!  Thanks! Will definitely check it out :D
 I may be a drunk but I know my stuff.  No doubt at weekend when I actually don't have to work the weather will be pish again? :( Have date tonight. Am wearing statement piece.  Is it a knife? I always find that helps me make a statement. A hammer would leave more of an impact on me, personally. They would be in for a shock if she brought a taser. I should have tasered the guy who burped in my mouth as we were kissing.. He's now living with his sister... Think we've found the tag heading for this sub: Glasgow, statement piece and pop of colour. You need to submit this! Cats shat on the bed yesterday then snuck into the forbidden room of many things we do not want fluffed up while we changed the sheets. They then woke me at 5am scratching to be let out.

As I write this, one of them is chewing on my bass guitar.

Fucking furry little wankers. Well, they are also [helpful](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4_ZzCBaaPw). 

EDIT: Also, apparently you owe them for a ton of [things](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4p4PUGUeK8). There's lots of videos regarding cats online, including this excellent guide.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHXBL6bzAR4 
Today in Scottish History

"He grew up in Aberdeen...and always considered himself a Scot."

I'll add that to my short list of things I have in common with Byron. I bet he was also cursed with an English accent that he had to explain to every second cunt he met.
 Serious note, he was so attached to Scotland he wrote the beautiful "Dark Lochnagar" which basically says that England pales in comparison to Scotland when it comes to the beauty of the countryside.

*England! Thy beauties are tame and domestic
To one who has roved on the mountains afar
Oh for the crags that are wild and majestic
The steep frowning glories o' Wild Lochnagar!*

The Corries version is outstanding:

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwn28X3szrg Byron wrote in *Don Juan*: 'But I am half a Scot by birth, and bred /A whole one, and my heart flies to my head...'. 

Just be careful if you're on holiday in Greece. Duly noted I'm going to see "Explosions in the sky" tonight. I believe "We were promised jetpacks" are the support. Should be a good night. All their stuff was coming off my flight from New York on Monday morning. Fucking tonnes of kit, right at the start, my bags were about half an hour behind.

Also no sign of the band to pick it up so they must have been getting a grilling at immigration :) It would of been funny if one of your bags went missing only to see the band on stage with all your clothes.

I wonder what they got up to in their 24+ hours in Glasgow before the gig? Sleeping it off probably. That overnight from New York kills me. Landing at 7:30am then having the whole day is not a fun time.

Also I was working Monday morning. Much regret was had. Same. Should be a great gig.  Oh you fucking shitting wanker! When the fucking fuck was this advertised? Sold out I take it? Looks like there are still tickets available. http://www.ticketweb.co.uk/event/explosions-in-the-sky-tickets/203573?language=en-us Yaaaaaaas! Yah dancer! I'll see you there, sir. Me too! If WWPJ are supporting that's class! Much train shenanigans this morning ... Trains from QSt to Edinburgh delayed and the fast train from Central only 3 coaches. Sitting on the floor.
On the positive side, it's beautiful outside so enjoyed my cycle along the canal path into town this morning. Signal failures from earlier still causing a backlog. Scotrail fantasy vs reality. Beware online train info  Went into Queen Street, walked on to the delayed train from 20 minutes previously. Anyone know where I can get duct tape in the city centre? Pound shop.  Cheers. TIL that aviatrix is a word, apparently. > aviatrix

See also: janitrix: a female janitor https://media.giphy.com/media/TlK63EWmJDBa5MjIr6g/giphy.gif Wasn't that the occupation of that Tory minister's girlfriend? Which one?  Tory Minister spouses are not my best subject. John Whittingdale, I think? It was in the news last week. Heavy amount of police in the southside yesterday and today, is it/was it to do with the march that was on for the murder on Minard Road, anyone any idea? Anybody have any idea why there's 2 helicopters over the gorbals al quarter to 11 this morning?. They looked like news because they had cameras on the front, hovering pointing towards the tower block. polis everywhere since the old firm. News crews on great western road en route to work this morning an aw There was a bunch of coppers at George square for that anti extremism thing yesterday. But this seemed unconnected maybe there's somebody high profile in the sheriff court or something today that they were filming, didn't see the polis chopper though. Just drank a beer in the shower. Best part of my day.  /r/showerbeer  So SAAS rejected my application on it being late even though the Lady on the phone said if i scanned it on the computer before the deadline date it didn't matter if they got the physical form a day or two late.

Now shitting it as if my appeal doesn't go through I need to get 3 and a half grand before August.

Never understood why people said SAAS sucked until now. Are they similar to the SLC? Because they suck as well!ðŸ˜£ Controversial opinion coming in!

If you didn't want to get your application rejected for being late you shouldn't have left it to the last minute to send! Also, I thought that if you did do it late it wouldn't make a difference to your application you may just not receive your money until later? You're right but I mean let's face it, they ARE shite. 

There were times when I was waiting for stuff from them, being kept waiting for weeks to get documents through, only to be told "nah bud you're too late your fault".  Yeah I know that but I wasn't even enrolled in University until the start of march, but I was attending classes. And I did the online form as they have options for masters. So when I got the email telling me I need to fill in a paper copy and mail it in I did put it off. ( I know its still excuses)

Really just annoyed That I was lied too.

And unsure about the end part, I did appeal so I will just wait and see what they say. Someone else crashed their car on the motorway this morning. Second day in a row.

On the plus side, Google Maps took me a lovely scenic route to Ingliston. Got Â£68 of dole money show up in my account despite the fact I've had a full time job for 6 weeks now? Not complaining like but that's bloody weird Either there was a serious accounting mistake on the councils end, you're a victim of identity theft, or there was a backdated payment. Dunno that they'll find out about your newfound wealth, but if they do they might want it back. If they do they can have it back, until them I'm considering this karma for the taxman charging me too much last week! The taxman has charged me too much tax for the past two weeks - spent 20 minutes on hold to HMRC this morning to get this shit sorted.  Have you checked to make sure they've got your tax code right, so you don't get overtaxed next pay also? Yeah its right! It was to do with the tax year ending over the course of last week or something really complicated, idk I've three meetings today.

This is pish. Adulting is shite growing up - not recommended. 20 in June; think I'll skip it and be 19 for another year. Oh to be 19 again. Or anything under 30... Ah you child...  Day two of man-flu.

Recommend a good movie to watch while I'm feeling sorry for myself? T2 Good shout. Cheers. Then if I was off on the sick I'd close the curtains and watch Godfather 2, dunno why, just have the notion. Ive still never seen any of the Godfather films. Must watch. My lord!  Lucky bastard, aye, def give them a shot. Drank far too much wine over the weekend - even got kicked out of a Spoons yesterday! Pretty damn proud of myself on that one.  Did you get kicked out for referring to it as spoons? Everycunt refers to it as spoons  >Every cunt refers to it as spoons. Kicked out of "a spoons"? Are you an aggressive spooner? ðŸ˜‚ It's not easy always being the little spoon! Sometimes you have to get a bit elbow-ie. Good effort! Thank you thank you. We are very proud of our accomplishment! jeez, kicked out of wetherspoons, that's rough. if you hadn't already said you were australian this would probably be the point that i guessed :P I was just trying to fit in with the locals :(
(It wasn't actually our fault, but these gents who came over to drink with us. One fells over, and well, that was that...) It was my birthday yesterday and I spent it Hampden watching my team get beat and then decided to forget about that tanning hunners a pints. Today I will not move from my sofa. You deserve it! Happy belated Birthday! Spent Thursday through yesterday at my in-laws in Manchester. MiL is making a power grab at wedding ceremony/outfits. She also apparently doesn't want me calling her by her name, a fact that I apparently forgot from last time I visited. 

So aye, that was stressful. FiL and BiL seem to be on the same page as us more or less, which is good. 

Also we went to see Zootropolis. Pretty good, though should have "Contains Mild Shakira" attached to its certificate. Not calling her by her name? I take it you've to call her "Mrs Surname" rather than something more insulting?

I was also visiting in-laws down in England who we don't get on with, it really makes you appreciate your own parents when you have to spend time with parents who don't seem to care about their offspring.

On some more positive news, the self service machines in English Sainsburys accept Scottish notes. Here's hoping the machines rise up and take over England so we never have to hear about how our notes don't work in England. Actually she wants to be called "auntie" which I'm yet to try- feels weird.

They definitely care about their offspring, it's just they're from a tradition that she isn't close to herself. We reckon it'd be hypocrisy as two Godless heathens to get a blessing from a priest, for example. Ahh that's not bad. I do find it a bit weird, a bit like calling the in-laws  mum/dad. Good morning. To everybody who's going to Muse: I'm not a fan, but, enjoy yourselves.

Is anybody else going to the Bowie tribute at Bar Bliss in May?  I didn't get stabbed last night. I just got drunk. My head hurts. 

Has anyone tried the new Thai place on queen st? it's called "Soi 101". Is it the sort of place you could nip in on your lunch break? Don't know what the prices are like, but I was talking to a mate and he said the food was pretty good. Quite a few "western" things on the menu like burgers and what not he said and of course Thai stuff.Probably worth trying at least once if it's not too expensive.  Muse gig was absolutely incredible last night. They are just unbelievable live. Taxi to work this morning as I'm fucking shattered  I was there sitting up the back. I thought it was like listening to a CD with a lights show.

They sound absolutely incredble but maybe I was just too far away to experience it properly. Musta been, I was standing down at the front. Sitting at a rock concert isn't quite the same  Fuuuuck has anyone been watching the island with bear grylls ? Feel so bad for that paddy, could see that happening to me I went  Returned to Glasgow after two weeks holiday, and of course as I was getting of the bus in Buchanan Street it was raining. Good to be back though, now I just have to endure uni for two weeks before exams start.  Took me 2 hours to get to work this morning due to an accident on the M8. Nightmare.

Travelling through to Edinburgh had been alright until this morning. Went to the Shed Saturday night, watched my team get pumped yesterday.

She was a weekend  I saw a man at Partick station at 5.30 dancing like crazy to the music on his mp3 -player, He looked happy! 4th migraine in a week. I hate my brain. At least it's cold, gonna lie in bed wi my head pointed at the open winda for a few hours. On a serious note, that could be related to a more serious problem. Please see a doctor soon. After all the hype everyone gave to how mad Glasgow gets on Old Firm day I thought everything was pretty tame in all honesty? Lot of traffic down Prospect Hill Road after the game but nothing like the sectarian bloodbath y'all had me expecting  To put it into perspective - I get the supporters bus when we play at Hampden. We get the bus there, it drops us off at the Rangers end and they segregate us from the other fans so much that the only time I see Celtic fans is when I'm actually in the stadium, the same goes for when we leave. Its a pretty well run operation by the police these days. The Old Firm is much more tame these days. People still like to big it up as "mayhem" and the biggest rivalry in world football etc. but the truth is that it has (thankfully) lost a lot of the hatefulness and violence it had in the past. I heard there were only 9 arrests at the game yesterday, which for a crowd of over 50,000 is pretty good. Only 9 arrests, that really is a good result. I don't know if its still there, but some utter trumpet parked their Ford Fiesta perpendicular to the kerb blocking off White St in both directions for the whole of a busy shopping day.

By the evening, the many, many notes left on the car by Partick residents included:

"Learn to park you fanny"

"Get your fucking car and fuck off"

"You should be tied up in Partick Square and stoned to death. Are you on drugs?"

And my personal favourite for its direct simplicity:

"YOU FUCKING TWAT" Ha! There was somebody on the corner of Thornwood Ave yesterday. The bus I was on almost fucking crashed into them. I'm guessing the ripple effects of this are why I experienced such difficulty finding a space to park after work yesterday. What a fucking twat. very possibly- in terms of sheer impact, it was a really impressive bit of parking like a cunt

like they actually sat down with a map and traffic data and calculated the maximum amount of people they could piss off with just a badly-positioned small hatchback I see, I see...although I meant this because I tend to park on White St, I'm now of the opinion that people throughout the city were affected based on your description of the twattishness of the parking! Living next to Hampden is going to be a laugh today... I live right by it and things were way less crazy than I was expecting. Only thing of note that happened was a traffic jam down Prospecthill Road for an hour after the final whistle.  Busloads of animals going down allison St then later back up Pollokshaws Road past ma bit. Banging on the windows flicking v's at people. 
Didn't realise how little I'd missed old firm days the past few years.  Can't decide if I'm better off going elsewhere for the day or hunkering down inside the flat and not leaving  I like to think that the people of Baghdad thought that during Desert Storm too. I fly out midweek on holiday and left it until today to attempt to shop for a full holiday wardrobe,Euros and insurance. Its been fun knowing you guys I doubt I'll get through today without an assault charge.  Holiday wardrobe? Two pairs of shorts, some flip flops and a bucket hat. Oh, and some factor 50. As a female I'm obliged to make some form of effort which is hard when you got fatter since last summer. Fuck Just Eat and no willpower. Got through it with one trip to Pradamark anyway.  Keep those wee Asian kids in a sweat shop job and bought out the whole holiday section for a fiver.  One-piece cossie. Sorted. Bikinis aren't mandatory, y'know. Hahah that top quality weed post in the market  Buzzing for Muse tonight! Same mate! Been waiting a heavy long time to see them :)  It'll be my 4th, they are unreal  Ahh lucky you man! I'll be going by myself but that does not stop me haha! :D. Heading in now so I can hopefully try get a decent spot :)  How busy is it? Not that busy  Jammy fucker Every third post on Facebook earlier was folk I know trying to flog tickets. Crazy. Clearly I need to be pals with your pals It is going to be incredible  Wee bastard Squirrel/bird who has been living in my loft last couple of weeks has decided that my room was the perfect place to have a scratch this morning.  Need to get the factors on it because we don't own the roof space but they're useless, they took 4 months to get a roof inspection done after water was let in to our flat at Christmastime. Paranormal Activity 6. Hanging a bit.  Any y'all got any more of that sleep stuff I can have? I have a massive surplus, you can have it for free!  Thank you!!!  Anybody else going to the Bowie tribute gig at Bar Bliss on the 28th May? I need a gig buddy.  Last couple days have been rough. An overnight down the New Victoria, and, shortly after, a break-up. Salving my soul with raucous punk music. Got a wedding today, 7th in the last 18 months, fuck sake, dont get old folks!!! Not having any friends really helps with not getting invited to weddings. Fuckin hate the things. Sat through literally 3 hours of speeches at the last wedding we went to. People were so bored and hungry, drinking the free grog on the tables, a fight broke out. It was the best part of the speeches.

 Away down to Arran to do goat fell. Looks like it should shape up to be a nice day - I'm really unfit recently tho so hopefully I don't die of a heart attack :| One of my favourite walks... Be sure to drop in to the Wine Port at the bottom for a restorative pint and chorizo & pork burger  Didn't have time for a burger due to a definite lack of physical fitness but made time for a wee half pint. Got a couple on the boat. Saving myself for a Chinese when I get in, to undo all the good work that exercise done for my body. Were you rewarded with a clear view from the top? Yeah could see for probably 60 miles, recognised Tinto hill on the horizon. Just seen a picture of Goatfell on Facebook, you might see some snow on the top. We got a wee bit! It was really clear all day so it mostly melted by the time I got there. I want a takeway tonight. Ideally something very fucking fattening. Any recommendations? In Partick. Dumpling Monkey I'd go for Curry Pot.

Lime and Ginger curry is super tasty. Playing elevens doon Toryglen at 9 this morning and I'm still stuffed from that slap up curry last night, what have I done to myself? If you see any puke up and down the sidelines today then that's me, sorry. Did you boke? Once I got into it it was fine, apart from the 8-0 defeat. Shocker! Off for a haircut at 930 then I have a few hours until I meet my gf any breakfast suggestions in the west end?  Epicures on Hyndland Road That's right where I get my haircut should go there next time  Tribeca Agreed. TriBeCa is the only option! Pancakes or French toast. Bacon and then so much maple syrup you end up in a diabetic coma.  Cafe GoGo Cresswell lane You win!  nice one! how was it? I know their pancakes are to die for (and cheaper that Tribeca!) I had baked eggs with salmon and an iced coffee was brilliant and for under a tenner! Can't grumble! Will be back! [Very delicious](http://i.imgur.com/8RmvUAv.jpg) also, their pizzas are on par with those at Little Italy as well, and are 2 for 1 after 2pm  Excellent! Thanks I will definitely be back.  Delizique Love the cooked breakfast in there...  Cafe Rio or Cafe/Deli Zique. Proofreading my nephew's dissertation this weekend. I'm a proud auntie! Lunch with my music collaborator, dinner with my design collaborator. Should be a productive and alcohol fueled day. Are yous collaborating on? Musically: we've worked together on some stuff for his bands latest album, and we're going to start working on a new project together with me on vocals.    
Design: I am writing the wording on his website, and we're designing a bunch of pieces (wooden sculptures, frames et al) Collaborating on getting a bevvy, obviously! Of course ;) Wonder if it's worthwhile trying to convince the better half that she wants to see the Slade and Kiss cover bands on at the Renfrew Ferry tonight.

I think it'd be a good laugh, but I'm really not sure if I can face going to Hampden tomorrow with a hangover... I have my first ever interview for a developer job today.  I've taken this subs advice for colour and gone with black skirt, white shirt and green blazer.  Hoping for the best though I'm mainly curious at what the technical test will be like. Good luck! Thanks! Good luck! Thanks! I hope you remember the "Glass and water trick". 

Good luck btw. What is the glass and water trick? Thanks for the luck, read this comment after my interview so I unfortunately couldn't show how committed I was. Hmm...in this case I think reading the comment after the interview was beneficial for your interview...

But fingers crossed you get the position. What's the Glass and water trick? Pour too much water in the glass to show you always give at least 110%.  Oh dear... Can confirm; went in for an interview at a call centre, pulled the water trick and now I'm CEO of the company Works every time 60% of the time.  Awesome! Well done you. My last interview, to help with nerves, I imagined my interviewer naked. I was also told to dress appropriately for the interview, so I figured if they are naked, I should be too. I am also now CEO. Yessssss! Statement piece and a pop of colour!     
Good luck, I am sure you'll do great! Thank you!  I'm glad I went for this as my interviewer is wearing jeans.   Casual Friday? How did the interview go? Maybe, I didn't ask.  Everyone else in the office was casual.  

I gave it my best go, he asked me programming questions which I think I got mostly on the right lines.  Writing up some code was tricky in the sense I was trying to remember how to do things in an environment I wouldn't normally code.

If I don't get it, it gives me an idea of what to expect for future interviews.   iama web dev irl. you'll be hard pushed to find anywhere that doesn't let devs dress casual. I work in an office full of business suits the now and I just come in however the fuck I like, usually jeans and a plain t-shirt, confirmed this to be ok in the interview too. as job perks go i appreciate it quite a lot. Good to know for future interviews.  I interviewed for a position at a place up in the Science park up at Garscube and my interviewer there was much the same.  I don't generally see the point of enforcing business dress unless you're customer facing, but even that is changing according to people I know.   Yeah. Don't get me wrong, it doesn't hurt to dress up just a wee bit for an interview but don't go full blown formal or anything.

Science park - iomart perchance? IES. should be some interesting stuff there - good luck! Well done for doing it, whiteboard hazings suck but are part of the process at most firms! Haha it was indeed a whiteboard hazing!  Remembering that for next time. Good luck! As you say, it's all good experience. You can relax now Whiteboard tests, homework exercises, panel grillings are all something you will get used to... It's just hard to recreate thefeeling of whiteboard panic sweats in a practice environment :) Good way to think about it - Every interview gives you invaluable experience, and helps you improve for the next one. I am sure you smashed it out of the park though ;) Tesco was good. Glad you had a good day out at Tesco Ever see people on reddit, in work and wonder if they are on this subreddit or if they browse  the stuff you do? Also just to put the fear into you if your on reddit in work right now. I see you ;) I actually know one the users who posts in The Steamie occasionally.  It makes me feel sneaky because they probably think they're invisible on reddit.  Was disappointed in lack of posts to unusual fetish subs on their history. Instantly checks to make sure I don't know you. Haha!  Don't worry, it's not you.  I did consider telling the person at the time but I don't reaalllly know them all that well (think friend of a friend) and plus I love feeling sneaky.  So I decided to leave it.

At my old company one of the IT guy is actually one of the people who usually organises the official /r/glasgow meetups.  Small city. did you work for g1 group? i think i know a whole bunch of people on here, i've had probably double figures msg me on facebook like "r u isopr0p on reddit m8" or comment replies like that "awright mark"; plus one official sub stalker /u/leblodk :3 <3 I did!  Thankfully not anymore. Bonus points to you. Reddit must be all they do there. One of my mates used to work there, pretty sure i found out about this sub through him.  [ohhh hi mark](https://youtu.be/G_RaV8NnfEI) Last day of my current job then I'm back to Glasgow after 9 years. Yas. I'm never going to find a rental gaff for our stupid pug dug though.  Face planted in the middle of Sauchiehall Street on my way to work this morning. Slipped on what I hope was a puddle of what I hope was melted ice cream. Did you hope that? Better that that a monstrous spunk deposit. Dedicated GPU on my laptop fried itself in the midst of a presentation, whole system locked up as I opened Visual Studio to display the project (why the fuck didn't I deploy it?!), managed to recover and then the powerpoint for the presentation proceeded to initiate a blue-screen in the middle of it all. Had zero issues with it before today obviously.

On the bright side, I did manage to bullshit my way through those technical errors and generate some laughs. Still feel like I'm on fire though, beer shall be consumed posthaste. Beer has been earned my friend. Drink hard and fast! Thank FUCK it's Friday. No dates this weekend, so it's just me, my furbaby, my plantbabies, and a nice, crisp Sauvignon Blanc to keep me company. Bliss.
 Some people get dogs to meet people when they're out walking. Maybe you should start walking your cat? Turn the tables on those other crazy bastards. hahaha somehow I doubt the furbaby would enjoy an outdoor adventure - she's very much an indoor cat. That aside, I have too much on over the next month to even think about going on dates.  Inlaws had a cat when they lived in Glasgow about 30 years ago. MiL took it out for a walk on a lead in the Botanic Gardens and the thing shot up a tree, she was left standing there for 30mins with the lead disappearing into the foliage of the tree. That image cracks me up. 

Our cat is also an indoor softie, pipe and slippers kind of guy.  hahaha! great image!!     
My little one is just a little attention whore. Needs constant cuddles and, oddly enough, constant music/singing. Guess she's a bit rock'n'roll. We're currently trying to decide whether to rescue another one or not. Ours is nearly 1yo now, if we were going to get another we'd want to do it while he was young so he isnt too set I  his ways before another cat is introduced. Might just bite the bullet and go for it. Couldn't imagine not having a wee cat in the flat now! Oh bless! Definitely rescue another! Bliss Not long till wine o'clock for me too. A nice torrontes (not unlike your sauvignon blanc) is chilling in the fridge... Will be using it to wash down a curry though. Heathen that I am... Ooh... A curry does sound good! I am debating between Mac n Cheese, or Pizza for dinner. Both?  I ended up choosing pizza, but I do have a mac n cheese in the freezer for some point over the weekend ;) Pizza, for sure. Yeah, I am pretty sure that's the option I'll be taking :D Really wish Paesano delivered, kinda sick of Dominos Lasagne, garlic bread and honey bourbon for me I wish I had had lasagne! Oh, did you see the post about Sunday?? :) No, I didn't. had a look Me too, damn salad. You had salad on a Friday night?!?!?! Who hurt you?! Paesano? I got pizza. I regret my life choices. New-ish pizza place in town, it's pretty hipster but really reasonable and the pizza is AMAZING! I'll make a note!! Though, there's always something special about cheap pizza. esp at the end of a week... the minimal effort of it is glorious. For some reason if I turn my wrist away from me with the palm up it's agony, but it's not swollen and I haven't hit it off anything. It could be from doing bench in the gym but then my other wrist isn't sore.

It's annoying as fuck. But hey, it's Friday  I have the same problem. Can't do bench or reverse preachers.  Feels a bit like wrist+forearm right?  Yeah, hurts like fuck  Carpal tunnel related? > Carpal tunnel

I don't think so, my understanding is CTS gives you pain when you move your wrist in various directions, this seems to just be if I twist my wrist so the palm is facing up. It's actually not as bad now as it was when I originally posted so maybe I just slept funny on it or something.  if the pain disappears over the next few days then yeah you're probably right, if not, maybe worth checking in with your GP Possible chugg related injury? Wrong wrist  Maybe work related if you use a keyboard then Maybe you should start wanking with it. To even it out?  I know these comments are heavy annoying as fuck but I'm heavy desperate as fuck so HWG. 

Looking for some form of bar/restaurant/cafe work in Glasgow - ideally full time & preferably west end or city centre but I'm not fussy at this stage. Have plenty of experience working in a range of venues, solid cocktail training and am good on the floor as well. Fully flexible with hours and can start as soon as. Looking for a new gig soonish as for the fifth week in a row I've been paid late and done out of hours & tips to boot. Any help would be much appreciated x I think The Polo Lounge were looking for cocktail bar staff Great I'll fire them a wee CV as well x Gullivers in Cambridge Street - just about to open I think. Might be worth a try.

Two Fat Ladies in Blythswood Street have got a sign-up as well.
Best of luck.. Brilliant! Thank you, it's really appreciated  Deesserts, the ice cream cafe on sauchiehall street are looking for staff. Can't tell you anymore than that, I just saw a sign in the window Perfect! I'll hand one in tomorrow, thanks again My friend just got a job there, got given an interview as soon as she walked into to hand a CV.  I'm looking for cocktail staff for Soba Mitchell Lane (city centre, not merchant city or west end), PM me if interested.  Just sent you a PM now! This week has dragged. 

Forgot how bad the build up to an Old Firm game is, Sunday can't come soon enough. First old firm since living in the city. I live on Prospect Hill road, hoping the weather's good so I can sit on the balcony with some popcorn and watch the pre-game sectarian violence Police presence at Hampden is incredible, often I won't see a rival fan in the flesh until i'm actually in the ground.  How do they keep them apart? Like along Prospecthill Road that'll be quite difficult It's a lot worse for those of us who don't give a fuck about it. I can imagine. It's worst of all for those of us who don't give a fuck, but need to get from their house in the East End out over to near the stadium for work on Sunday. 

Couldn't get holidays booked, so will be stuck travelling home at the same time as pissed-happy/pissed-off football fans who think that everybody on the bus wants to hear them stamp their feet and sing their bloody songs and use some of the worst language I've ever heard. 

It was so nice not having to deal with it for the past couple years. So nice.  Indeed, my expecations of Hampden and the Southside tomorrow:
[http://bigbrowser.blog.lemonde.fr/files/2014/01/266826.jpg](http://bigbrowser.blog.lemonde.fr/files/2014/01/266826.jpg)

[Edit: Saturday, it's not even Friday yet, damnit] Who downvotes The Steamiebot?  I've just seen it there and seen it before.  Genuinely curious. Same goes for upvoting it. It's already sticky. If it gets upvoted it just means old threads stick around on the sub front page for ages. Either people who have been shat on in some form of argument on the sub, or someone seeing it in /r/all and then mass down voting. Some users protesting against automation, miss the good old days when it was put up manually by real people. Dunno if that is what it is, even when it was done manually folk downvoted it. Some people think (not me!) that general discussion threads like the Steamie take away from discussion and creation of other topics. i.e. not important enough for its own topic? Shove it in the Steamie. I can see why people would think that, however I think it makes people more likely to contribute, posting a comment is much less scarier than posting a link.  

We might have never had /u/Boabs Pishy PS4 Saga if it weren't for The Steamie. Very true! I never really posted until then, I never really post as the best of times but the steamie is where I do most of it Aye, I was joking but there seems to be some fringe anarchists opposed to brain dumps and talking shite regardless of automation. The good old 3 days where it was being done manually? Best 3 days of my life. Luddites then!

Have also just noticed that the description on the side bar could do with removing the rule about posting The Steamie. Good point. Done. Today just isn't doing it for me. Can someone please bring on Friday, and a glass of wine? It's 00:38 on 15/4/16 and I've brought Friday with me. You're welcome. And wine? I thought my day couldn't get any worse... However, currently on the (slow) train journey home from Edinburgh to Glasgow and there is a gentleman who smells -strongly- of piss. He and his travelling companion (a wee dug), are filling the carriage with a delightful aroma. 

Delightful.

Aroma.
 Ok, you have earned yourself a wine or two! Sometimes you have to drink midweek just get through, I've made my peace with that. I've got it back to Thursday, a pre weekend treat with none of the guilt.  I can't drink until tomorrow :( Been trying to keep up no drinking on weekdays. One week in so far. Same, it has so far manifested itself more successfully as no drinking in the house on weeknights. This will be the first week I have managed none at all. Well done :) Thanks, its been pretty weird. Definitely starting to feel my relationship with alcohol change. A lot of it is just breaking habits. It means it is a lot easier to justify buying better quality stuff at the weekend as well. Good luck! Mine isn't by choice unfortunately :( Well, have double then to catch up! What? FOUR bottles of wine to myself?!  Why not, side order of alcohol poisoning for breakfast! :-/ Hey! my song came up today. How many cracks at it before it landed on your's?

I'm tempted to submit a tune for tomorrow's steamie. Better break my cherry now or never. Don't know 3/4? I haven't submitted a so more than once just if I find a song I like or if I find an old song I used to listen to I put it up. Your tune reminds me of the days when I was into pop-punk/metal of various kinds.  I'd like to find some more recent stuff but I don't know where to begin.

There appears to be a preference towards submitting rock/metal tunes (when I've seen it anyway, I've seen occasional other genres but heavily biased towards rock). Well, with regards to Metal, what was your taste?  My favourite metal bands were (and still are): Bullet For My Valentine, Slipknot, Korn, wee bit of Avenged Sevenfold....does Aiden count?  I thought they were good.  I would say older Lostprophets (Shinobi vs Dragon Ninja) but I can't listen to them anymore for obvious reasons.  I'm very much into listening to BBC 1Xtra nowadays which is mainly why I find it hard to find new rock music, as much as I love rnb, hip hop and increasingly African rap and hip hop.

You can tell that I was a teenager in the noughties.

Edit: how could I forget!  I used to listen the shit out of Still Remains.  They were probably my favourite. None of those bands are Metal  Not classically metal, no.  Metal has a wide range of genres.   It's not Metal full stop. You listed -core and Nu Metal neither of which is Metal. Fair enough, but I still would class them as part of the metal genre. I grew up much the same way, albeit with a detour into death metal. I've been enjoying the latest [Die Krupps](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhLPwqTrjss) album recently, but it's not the most melodic.

There's a small unsigned band from the south of England who I'm quite partial to and their stuff is pretty fun: [Primitai.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgGuwO6Llu8) They most recently opened for [Grand Magus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzs2XwkxPA4), who are also big on riffs and melody.

On a more straightforward rock style, [Volbeat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlWke6jK4rI) have a new single and album coming out and despite the overproduction, I still like them.

Oh, and a bonus. Just because I can, [Europe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOgVa--DyVI) (yeah, *that* Europe) are still going but they ditched the hairspray somewhere along the way. I won a pub quiz last night and received a grand total of Â£25.  Yass. Well done you! Thanks! Milky Bars are on you. Our bill at the bar ended up being Â£25.15 so you can guess where it went... Another jury citation. I wouldn't mind but last time I had to chase up my employer for an expenses form only to call the juror line three days in a row and be told I wasn't needed. It was a lot of paperwork and stressing about being/not being at work for nothing.

Watch me get picked for a two week trial now I've said this! I am lucky never been called up yet. My dad on the other hand has had it like 6 times over 8 years, managed to dodge it 5/6. It'll be over the holidays too.
 I've been cited two-three times and not been required for any of them.  You'd think they'd just get retired people to be on a jury since they have enough time to deal with the shite that comes with not being selected. Sorry for the late post, Steamie slept in!

^^^Also ^^^had ^^^to ^^^fix ^^^a ^^^bug Is Tuesday still nurses night up at Clatty's?  ELO was last night, so that Blythswood listing is wrong. We get our feed from List.co.uk, they seem to have got the date wrong. Just read your commit- that really was one of those "stars align, very slim chance of ever occurring" bugs! At least I can sleep easy knowing the song of the day integrity is in tact. Is the repo public? Wouldn't mind a browse.

EDIT- Nevermind, I discovered this amazing website called Google. And for anyone else that is Google-impaired or just plain lazy, here's the link: https://github.com/maaarghk/SteamieBot Today I get to deal with a manager who is a fucking moron who doesn't understand time management and plain, simple English.    
(â•¯Â°â–¡Â°)â•¯ï¸µ â”»â”â”».  >a manager who is a fucking moron who doesn't understand time management and plain, simple English

read: a manager I've started the morning by having a massive fight with my other half- utterly pointless too, she wanted to go to work via the Co-op, I asked her to remind me when we were closer, she said "I just reminded you now", I sighed (EPIC MISTAKE) and everything just spiralled from there. 

So my day's a massive steaming dog egg so far. How's everyone else? Bollocks to commuting with your partner, tell them to get a bus.  Or you get the train.  Peace and quiet is golden. I give her a lift on Wednesdays and Thursdays as I'm free those mornings- generally it's alright, but I think we both got out of bed on the wrong side this morning.

Think I'm going to be the bigger person and apologise for the miscommunication. That way I win, which is a healthy way to look at things. Sounds like a smooth move Ya great big crumpled jumper of a man! She'll be back for a lift tomorrow. Do try not to antagonise her. I never try, it just seems to come naturally to me. Mostly embarrassed that I let myself get annoyed. I'm usually more chill than that. Do not encourage them. Use it as an opportunity to practice your apologies for when you really land in it. I read this as "Practice your apologies for when you really need to get laid."    
My reading comprehension skills are not the best today, it seems. No, i think they're spot on. I took my jumper off last night so that I wouldn't crumple it while I watched the telly. 

Laid it on the bed with every intention to hang it up somewhere.

Woke up with a drooled on, crumpled jumper for a pillow.   Bummer. I'm imagining it's a nice jumper? not anymore. Maybeshewill were incredible at Stereo last night but I am horrendously hungover. Days like this are when I'm glad I work in an office and not doing something that requires me to be all that busy.  Pretty gutted I missed it but I really could not face a gig last night. Saw a few polis on bike in the southside today, dont know why but it always makes me laugh seeing them wave up and down the road in the fluro jackets. I like watching them on the horses. There's something completely unthreatening about equine police officers that makes me want to commit a crime. Mind the 'royal wedding' party in Kelvingrove when they all came charging in like the fucking Light Brigade? Aye, theres a video of one of them getting skelped by a bottle, used to be on yatube Love it when you've been chockablock at work all day and look at the clock and there's only 10 minutes till you're boosting!  Result!   Wake up steamie I think I've got something to say to you. Was going to grab a nextbike to work but there aren't any in the Southside unless I walk to Eglinton Toll, part of me is happy they are popular but mainly I'm just annoyed I'll need to get the train.

Anyone bored in the city fancy grabbing a bike or two and bringing it to Queens Park for me?  Nice walk back for you (spoiler: not so nice). There's a bunch just off Victoria road too on Albert Road, unless they've been removed. Isn't there some at the entrance to Queens Park beside that Shimla Pink restaurant? Yeah but they were all gone (it's a busy station). What a game last night! 

2-0 down with 10 men and 5 mins to go. And we bring it back to 2-2 absolute scenes at the end. Unreal stuff! Don't remember dominoes being that exciting. If only the weather was good enough for strip dominoes.
 Shite day at work, no motivation. Going to go to the gym for the first time in 5 months.. Currently in the middle of buying our flat over in Battlefield.  Got our move in date last night...excited! Cheers folks! Can't wait to get in about it, a year of saving at the in-laws. Worth it in the end.. All the best!  Enjoy many a top scran @ the Rest. well in Battlefield is lovely. Congratulations! Had some wee rocket waving a knife at me on Yorkhill Street last night because I had the gall to make eye contact with him for half a second when he walked by on the other side of the road. It was pretty funny - never seen anyone get so unbelievably worked up over absolutely fuck all. Did you Crocodile Dundee him? > Yorkhill Street

He was protesting the gentrification of Old Dumbarton Road I guess? Now there's a guy who hates fancy donuts.  Is that place any good? Went in for the first time at the weekend, pricey but well decent. I say pricey but its probably no more than Krispy Kreme etc. Alright, sounds decent enough... will take a wander along. Absolutely! Nice milkshakes too.  Heading into Edinburgh tonight for Hibs vs Falkirk. 

Cannot wait for it! Mon ih Bairns!!  Despite smashing snooze on the alarm about a hundred times I managed to wake up with a decent amount of time to get ready, thank fuck Maybeshewill's last ever Scottish show at Stereo tonight. Equal measures excited and sad about that.  Them and Shai Hulud  playing and I am going to neither....ragin'. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5picftBPqU

Desk mosh activate. Banger, you going? Serious:

How shite are the Wallace Street flats?  My friends lived there and one time someone broke in and stole everything out their living room while they were sleeping in their bedrooms!   Yeah, we were in the house when it was burgled too. Same thing happened to the people downstairs from us too. When I first moved to Glasgow about 8 years ago, me and the 2 boys I lived with in Wallace Street thought it would be hilarious to cut a picture of Shannon Matthews (girl that went missing but wasn't actually missing) out the newspaper and stick it to the inside of the front door.

One day the police came round to ask if we knew anything about a rape that happened down the hall. We didn't (honestly). So just as the 2 policemen left they stopped looked at the picture of Shannon Matthews, looked at each other, looked at me, opened the door and left. Didn't really help much but cheers for the laugh, mate.  Ha to be completely honest we didn't have a bad year there but the place is shoddily built and random folk would just try and walk into the flat sometimes. I never saw any proper evidence of the brothels etc and never had any bother but I was a young guy looking to party all the time. I don't think it would suit anyone over the age of 25 or a couple. Probably wouldn't raise a family there either. So shite.
Used to live there. Got burgled once, and had regular visits from angry junkie types high af trying to get in our flat because they mixed our door up with their dealer's doors. Big shit in the lift for days one time too. Well away from there. Depends what you're into in your spare time mate I've never had any bother from any of the residents while delivering there, however the factors don't seem to give a shit about the communal areas- holes in the walls, broken lifts, broken security doors (so if there are dodgy cunts in the building, they can get into your corridor). 

The other side of the coin is that you can buy a three bedroom flat within spitting distance of the city centre for about Â£2.50. Bear in mind that when it comes time to sell it'll be a pig to shift- we were due to view a flat there, and our mortgage advisor told us to cancel the viewing as they're a very unpredictable investment. Is it just full of students or what?  Mainly seems to be young singles, a few non-native families in there too, but my experience may not be entirely representative! Cheers for the replies mate  Despite most folk in here talking about wanting a less wanky title for the subreddit, the most upvoted suggestions in the thread have been funny ones.

I guess the voters have opposing views to the regular commenters (or just don't care). Wanky and funny are not the same thing. True. I just see any funny title becoming stale fairly quickly. Agreed, the city that never sobers up was kind of funny when I first saw it but jokes get worse by repeating it.

I liked "People make r/Glasgow". Simple, positive but with ties to the city. Aye, the funny ones are always going to get the most upvotes, we would just end up in the same situation in a few weeks time though. Anybody been to MegaBytes arcade on Howard Street? I played in a Mario Kart 64 tournament there on Sunday. Standard was pretty good and the pressure got to me so I ended up 4th of 8. Best part was the guy I hit on the finish line with 3 red shells to overtake him complaining to his mates on Facebook that we all conspired to make him lose. 

Cool place though, with a free Street Fighter machine that I'll definitely be making use of in the future. I'll probably pop in for a cup of tea now and then, hope it stays open. That new hospital is quite something. Is there a McDonald's downstairs? Pretty sure I saw a lady bring in a meal for someone next door to my mum's. Seems a bit antithetical to the whole health aspect.

I quite like the whole lift shenanigans where you indicate the floor before you enter. Reduces any potential social anxiety. Though the one we were in (middle Arran one)  was constantly screeching. There isn't a McDonald's, but Braehead is pretty close. I think it's just a Marks and Spencer's that's there.  Just recently moved to Glasgow (Dennistoun). Anyone happen to know what the strange black structure is on the corner of Millerston street and Duke street? Also can anyone recommend a good NHS dentist in the area? Is it a doocot? I go to Patrick Balmer in the Commonwealth Dentist Practice on Duke Street. Really nice guy and the reception staff are always brand new! 

Welcome to Dennistoun!  I go to Robert Balmer on Whitevale Street. He really puts me at ease, very chatty. The support staff seem to learn your name instantly so you always get a nice personal greeting too.

Before I moved up I was basically traumatised by my dentist in Yorkshire because she was a very stern Polish lady who yelled at me every single time I visited and I have fillings all down one side thanks to her. Yet Mr Balmer says my teeth are in excellent condition. I have no idea what's going on and if I got scammed in Yorkshire! But it's good to go to the dentist and leave without trying not to cry and my teeth haven't fallen out...yet. Sounds good, seem to be quite a few dentists in the area. No rush but best to go while I won't have to pay. http://www.hiddenglasgow.com/doocots/index.htm Ah, that makes sense I was sure I saw a similar one nearby. Cheers. Don't recall ever seeing one of these in Dundee.  yeah I reckon that's the only one I've ever seen too! Fuck. The steamie's up. Definitely bed time then. Went to Glencoe and climbed a mountain yesterday, currently in work feeling like my legs might fall off but it's worth it. The highlands are so beautiful! Not bad going for a cockney....
What one did you do? Stob Coire nan lochan. Lots of snow / ice right at the top, fell through a couple of times but was fun to slide down on the way down Great shout. SC gully in winter is the business. Happy trails :) We're going in a couple of weeks and apparently are climbing the Pap of Glencoe. When researching this, I found out there is a wikipedia page called "Hills that look like breasts". I went to the gym after work and managed to do a tiny bit of running! I am overweight and very unfit. I asked friends of mine who now run how they started and they advised running for very short periods of time then walking again. And repeat. I didn't collapse and no one hee hawed at me. 10/10 will do again. I'll be jogging home before I know it Check out The Body Coach. Try some HIIT sessions from his Youtube channel but most importantly, check out his recipes. Eat the right things and the weight will fall off you.  Thanks for all the advice, I appreciate all the help. I'm going down a long road! It'll be tough at first but after a month or so you'll begin to see the changes and then you'll also enjoy doing the work outs. Even challenging yourself from week to week.
One pro tip: cut out as much sugar as possible now and stay away from diet soft drinks etc. 2 litres of water daily and herbal tea are your new friends. Thanks for the advice I really appreciate it. I gave up most sugar 2 years ago and don't drink diet drinks. Trying to drink more water and herbal tea. The gym manager is really helpful too. I'm making (mainly) good food choices . I'm trying hard. Thanks again Good stuff, keep it up!  You might be interested in this: http://www.coolrunning.com/engine/2/2_3/181.shtml As a fellow unfit person, can I recommend the couch to 5km app (or one of the many versions). I did a few weeks running on the treadmill and have since moved outdoors. It is basically varying combinations of running and walking, but structured. I believe you can also get a zombie apocalypse version where during the running sections, they pretend zombies ate coming to get you. I've never tried that though, because im a big feartie. It's great: https://zombiesrungame.com Anyone else tried the official reddit mobile app? Perhaps I'm just stuck in my ways, but I still prefer reddit is fun. Tried it, didn't quite like the Ui.  Gold was nice I suppose.

I still prefer Boost though. Had a look at it. I'm not a massive fan. I'll stick with Sync Pro on my phone, and AlienBlue on my iPad. I did however like the 3 months free gold it came with. Ha, same. Ad free Reddit is good Reddit. Tried it, didny work/constantly forced closed. Tried most of the reddit apps but loving Relay for reddit. I've not tried it, I have Baconreader which I enjoy using.  I don't know if I can be bothered to switch. Worth downloading it and logging in for the three free months of Reddit Gold. It's fairly pish compared to a lot of the third party apps. I just hope reddit doesn't pull a Twitter and disable the third party API. I'm sure I read an admin saying they were going to continue API support updating "early and often". That'd be trouble for Steamiebot if they did... Part of what makes the Reddit platform so good is the variety of uses the API has. The data scraping has to be incredibly useful to advertisers too... I've always used alien blue and think it's great  Need to start revising, but man do I enjoy sitting on the couch browsing Reddit. What course? Conversion Masters in IT at Glasgow.  I have 10 exams ahead of me (although there's a 11 day gap between number 9 and 10 so I'm only revising for the first 9 just now).  I aim to have all my notes finished by the end of this week so I've done a fair amount so far, but I am terrible at starting.  Currently tempted to make tea. Go for the tea, sometimes I think it's good to procrastinate because the impending doom of having to do work on short notice is such a kick up the arse you do just as much as you would have spread out over the initial time. For me anyway  After the chat about the tagline on this sub, I've made a post where we can discuss new suggestions: https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/4ea39c/rglasgow_subheading_should_we_change_it/ Had a brilliant weekend, went to the Stag's Head/Lebowskis in the Southside, cracking wee pub.  Good folk running it and a good atmosphere punter wise! Is Southside Lebowski's as expensive at the one in the West End? Like it in there but its expensive as fuck, especially for White Russians which only last 10 minutes max I must admit I never got a White Russian when I was in so couldnt tell you the price, was already half scooped when I arrived and done a kitty..So it might be as expensive I'm not sure What a shit morning.  Shite date last night?  Haha no, just a wee cat who enjoys walking over my head when I'm asleep. And no dates planned for the near future to entertain you with, sorry! Probably.  It's not raining, makes it decent enough in my book! I'm also not such a fan of sun because I wear glasses which means I either have to put up with squinting which results in a sore head or put contacts in so I can wear sunglasses and have dry eyes.

I don't have prescription sunglasses because I think it's silly to carry around two pairs of glasses. I'm more a rain kinda gal.  Beerjacket! Not been to one of his gigs in years. Remember playing his music a lot not long after I moved up here. Fuck Monday's but fuck them more when you have a hangover.  Did you forget to waterup? Yep and drinking Whisky dehydrates you massively too.  Tsk tsk, you should always waterup before bed. Better wake up at 3am for a wee pee, than to wake up hungover. Aye, but waking up hungover is better than waking up in a puddle of yer wee pee...or is it? If you wake up in a puddle of yer own pee, you've got more things to worry about than a potential hangover!! It's called bladder control, people! I learned years ago Sundays and alcohol don't mix well. Working hungover is literally the worst thing ever. Well, top 3 at least  I used to work Sundays and at that point in my life I was pretty much up til 5am every Saturday night. The hangover used to kick in about 3pm as I finished for the day. Couldn't do it these days, both because I have to drive and my body is old and I'd probably shit myself or something. Shite day today, can't get motivated to get anything done. Just ordered my new hyperfast internet though so that is something.  Fucking wild nightmares on a Sunday morning. Just wanted to lie in. Quitting smoking is shite. Don't fall asleep with a patch on, worst fucking nightmares in my life.  When I quit smoking I used to dream about cigarettes every night. Addiction really does do fucked up stuff to your brain. Stick with it, it doesn't last forever I've been through this mill before.. was 2 years out of it and then went stupid. I can't wait to break back out of it. Thanks for the encouragement :) Are you cold turkey, vaping or trying anything else? Alan Carr's (not the chatty man) Easy Way to Quit Smoking is a great book which really does help.
 Otherwise vaping is a great alternative and makes it way easier to wean yourself off. If you've managed it before, I've no doubt you'll manage again, it's just getting through the withdrawals that's a bitch. 
 I remember getting irrationally angry over everything, I had to take a step back and think about my reaction as I was an utter dick to be around for 2 weeks Cold turkey, I don't want to vape and have always managed to just end it in the past.. but yeah, I'm in the "utter dick" stage at the moment hahah.. good thing I'm a hermit I guess? My poor girlfriend.. but then she's quitting too so we're both just irrationally raging about everything at the moment hahah. I gave up sweets and sugar cold turkey. I felt so bad at times like I had bad flu. My blood pressure was up and down. I got there eventually and am glad I stuck it out. I ate a lot of sweets, usually at night and always had some at home. Tough but worth it. Stick with it. I've been trying to do something similar too, not completely cold turkey but definitely keeping a closer eye on my snacking habits cos it's a wonder I'm not a hyperobese diabetic by now.. it is also hard. That moment in the evening where I either want a cookie or a cigarette is the worst.. but it's a good mental exercise to sit there and scold myself for wanting unnecessarily.  I have just finished training to be a counsellor and I am getting better at knowing what pushes my buttons to snack. It's hard to stop though. I have managed to swap to fruit and low fat baked crackers for snacking. Don't scold yourself for wanting a snack/cigarette. Habits are so difficult to break. Understand that it is hard and have some compassion for yourself. Thanks, I think I needed to hear this. Having a bit of a belugghfufuugufhhfhfuckinghatemyself day..  Getting fit whilst quitting smoking is a really good way to motivate you both to quitting (and staying off) the fags and also improving your general wellbeing. I'd highly recommend it. >I gave up sweets and sugar cold turkey. I felt so bad at times like I had bad flu.

Its known as [Keto Flu](http://elowcarbfoodlist.org/the-keto-flu-symptoms-and-relief/) and the symptoms can be alleviated with a nice cup of oxo or bovril to sort out the salt imbalance which is causing the flu like symptoms.

 Thank you for this. I wish I had known! I have now been off sweets for 2 years (I had a huge Haribo habit). I then went on to chocolate ( although I had never had a huge chocolate habit) I have now found that organic dark bitter chocolate fills the gap and is so rich that I don't need so much. Channel that into running or HIIT sessions. It will help a lot.  High Intensity Interval Training? Nah, its  *oh SHIIIIIT!* Heading to the Funeral for a Friend gig tonight. I was a bit gutted to hear they were splitting but honestly it kinda makes sense. The two albums they're playing in full were their best and are over a decade old. Ah well! Last chance to dance!  Aye I'm looking forward to it. Are you going to both nights?  Nah just tonight pal! Are you? Rangers v Peterhead at Hampden. Nearly 50k going so it'll be busy down there. Cmon the Bears!  I drove back down from Aberdeen this morning. Every second car seemed to be full of blue tops  Hanging out my arse after a 4am shot and I'm legit scared to end sit up for fear of this hangover. I really need to give drinking a pass... Hardly any sleep last night due to the new furbaby, however today brought two new plantbabies (cyclamens, name pending), and a roast lunch with some rando I know. All in all, another successful day. I am doing pretty good at this adulting thing lately. Woke up for the first time in a week not feeling like complete death. Half the Easter break gone to con flu though. Gonna try not piss away a Sunday watching Murder She wrote and Take me out. But the urge to spend all day in bed watching mind numbing TV is overwhelming. I remember I was easily bored now I wish I had the attention span to be bored these days. Adulting has worn me out.  Fuck that, James Bond's on. I'm ashamed to say I've never seen bond until my boyfriend took me to see the one where Judi Dench dies. I should probably resolve that, more so the older ones I loooove cheesey spy/detective stuff.  That was Skyfall. 

If you love cheesey spy stuff watch the Man From UNCLE movie. It's underrated. Has anybody heard of a good electro/house DJ set tonight ? Only thing I can think that's on is the watermelon cafe in The Berkley suite, it's up and coming music though so who knows what the tunes will be like! Woken up feeling so fucking happy. Been in a massive funk these last few months but I think it's slowly wearing off. Thank fuck. That's great to hear!! It's always a relief when things start falling into place :) Oh yeah 100% :)  Excellent. I imagine the new job will be helping with that. It'll at least have taken some of the stress out your life. I reckon that's what it is. My old job drove me out of my mind. That is fantastic. Isn't it :) thank you The exact thing happened to me recently. A year of feeling like I was asleep, nothing mattered, etc.

Woke up one morning and was happy. Music sounded better. I wanted to constantly do things.

Fantastic stuff, make the most of it now :) Yesss that's exactly it! I feel like I've been existing for a year and nothing more and today I was making plans in my head for the future. So glad you had it too! Such a nice feeling :)  Today I adopted three new plantbabies, one new furbaby, and received a new print in the post. All in all, a very successful day.  my girlfriend has named the plants in our house andrew and herbert. andrew dead. haha! Currently, my herbs don't have names because they're not very healthy and I don't want to get too attached. However, the Ficus is named Bob, the Flytrap is Audrey (obviously), and the succulent is Spike. Never give anything you plan to eat a name... :) I got a new notepad. It is snazzy as fuck. I love new stationery.  Ooh, stationery is always sweet. I am always tempted to sign up for a stationery subscription box, but I know I'll never use it because it's too pretty. You should! Stationary for you, box for the furbaby Tempting as it is, I am already signed up to an Art/Print, Decor, and Lipstick boxes... Don't want to get too carried away :\    That's no ma tune of the day.  My tune never gets picked :( What's your tune? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rt6hIh2wuJ0     
Not likely to win me any friends though, so probably a good thing really. have you posted that before? i'm a bit concerned the link is purple. i don't remember listening to this! Never posted it before. How strange! I don't bother submitting any, I stick to Spotify playlists that my friends make up.

Unfortunately the volume was up high this morning and as I hit play 'Let The Bodies Hit the Floor' came pouring out, full volume, at 6:30am. Oops. It's a cracking song but. Never heard of them before but sounds like Hang The Bastard would be a good gig tonight. Hang The Bastard split up a week or two ago, the tour got cancelled. I think Monkey Puzzle are playing tonight instead Swung round to Asda at 1am last night for Capri suns because I have the cravings of a pregnant woman.

sorely disappointed, I don't know what I was expecting. Get some Um Bongo next time.  Or, indeed, just go get AIDS by the normal method. sharing needles or unprotected sex? Sitting on toilet seats. Think it's because they've made them more natural and no added sugar.

Another victim of this trend was Refreshers, the round chalky sweet things.  Used to taste great when I was a kid, but now have completely changed the recipe and they taste rank. 10grams of sugar in one pouch. If I don't have some sort of heart problem I'll probably end up with diabetes. Sunny D is another culprit for that, but it tastes like chemicals so I shy away. maybe I'll just drink water instead. I've recently got into drinking fizzy water which makes you think you're drinking something exciting but without all the side effects of sugar etc.  I used to hate the stuff but one day I drank some and thought it tasted nice, and now I'm addicted to the stuff.   I despise carbonated water. it's a complete lie. Fair enough! Nah, the cake is a lie.

Carbonated water is paying for bubbles. I love sparkling water! It's strangely addictive. Isn't it just?  I massively prefer the cheap stuff over the expensive stuff which is a bonus. Hell yeah! Why pay for a fancy label?  The Asda flavoured ones aren't half bad actually. I'm not a fan of flavoured water, I think because when I was growing up I was encouraged to drink full-sugar Coke/Irn Bru because it was better to have the sugar than the sweeteners they put in Diet versions.  Since then, I can't really have drinks with loads of sweeteners in them, such as flavoured water.  Plain or go home.

Edit: words. My bad, they're Tesco actually.

An entire bottle is only 1% of the recommended daily sugar intake. Went around the Chinese supermarket up in Port Dundas, spent far too much but have come home bursting to cook interesting stuff! A wee bit of routine car maintenance to do then I can kick on with it. 

On that topic, what's the fucking point of having a level marker on a nearly totally opaque coolant bottle? The Italians have gotten better at ironing out their vehicular eccentricities, but there's still the odd thing that makes me think "Friday afternoon"... Peugeots rad filler necks are the same. Shine the led light from your phone into the coolant and it should let you see the coolant level as most coolant fluoresces to some extent.

Eccentricities are testing. Like my mates old Megane 225, where the way to change the headlight bulb was to jack the car up, reach into the wheelwell behind the wheel, open a flap in the arch liner and get to the bulb there. Amazing. My mum's Jazz is the exact same. She takes it to the dealership to get the bulbs changed, my brother and I thought she was daft until we found out how they were fitted. For that matter, you ever see what it takes to do the timing belt on an Audi? Longitudinal engine with a transaxle in a FWD car, so it has to be mounted incredibly far forward to make space for people inside. As a result the mechanic has to pretty much disassemble the whole front end. Unreal.

Torch was my friend in the end, though my newish phone doesn't actually have a flash so it was the trusty windup. I need to be more proactive about checking it, overheated in traffic on Duke Street the other day. Other half was not impressed at having to drive along with the windows down and the heater blasting. Weirdly, water has a better specific heat value than coolant, so you dont need to go too bonkers with the ratio. If water didnt have the corrosive properties it does then itd run cooler with no coolant! Unfortunately shit will get fucked with just water. Anyway, just make sure your water pumps in good order and its bled correctly.

Im sure my mates old audi coupe was a total joke to even change the alternator belt so timing belt wouldnt have been much better by any stretch. That the one next to the thingy University Halls? Think you're thinking of Chung Ying, reckon /u/IncompetentFox is talking about See Woo.  Ah, thanks. It's been a while. I certainly was. Currently about to have an early dinner, and it's a Chinese feast :D Didn't know Hang the Bastard were playing tonight. Oh well, going to see Cult of Luna instead so it's not all bad! I've got the flat to myself tonight so am breaking my "no take aways" rule that I've been following since Christmas because I can't be arsed to cook just for me.

Seriously considering a munchie box. I told my husband I wouldn't bother, probably just get a fish supper or something but the munchie box idea just won't leave my head. Even though last time I tried this I felt like there was more food left over than when I started. You'll regret it in the morning unless you're drunk and consuming a munchie box, then it's always a good idea. So get drunk... That's a very good point. Last time I ordered one I'd been drinking beer all day! And I think I still regretted it a tiny bit in the morning. The only regret should be that you didn't leave any chicken pakora for the morning after.  Pizza crunch, you heathen! Enjoying day two of four days off, doing absolutely nothing. Loving lazing about but do feel in some way I should probably leave the flat for a somewhat decent length of time and do *something*...it all seems like effort though. Sack that, laze about and revel in it. Some cunts have ransomwared my grandfather. Photos of my late granny, financial details, etc, all gone. Looks like I'll be going to Dumfries this weekend to sort that out. God, I hope it's fixable :( Just seen this, Wondered how you got on?

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-36014810 Well, the bad news is I was unable to recover anything beyond what my brother had got back.

The good news is my grandfather has only had this computer around six months, and his old one was sitting under the desk, so I managed to get a relatively recent copy of all of his data.

His machine now runs Debian, nicely locked down, updating to one of my noip hostnames so I can support him from wherever I happen to be. Had some problems getting LightDM to autologin, so he has to log himself in every time, which he'll no doubt complain about, but I'll tell him it's there on purpose to keep him secure.

I've also made a little script to regularly back his home folder up to a flash drive- incidentally, Â£9 for a 32gb USB3 flash drive in Tesco at the moment! maybe these cunts?  
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-35996408 Not them, but I've made sure he knows about them. It was the ones cold calling pretending to be Microsoft.

Going to give him a bell after I finish work. He's far from daft- I mean, he's competent with a computer and in his eighties- but I'm worried it'll have made him feel vulnerable, not that he'd ever admit to it. 

Seriously, I hope those cunts get cancer. Fucking worthless wastes of oxygen. if it's CryptoLocker, most of the decrypt codes are online if you do a bit of research. otherwise, best give it to someone who really knows what they're doing. good luck man. I've been doing tech support over the phone with my brother, and it looks like they've remoted in, copied the files and deleted them. Currently running an undelete tool. Hopefully there will be remnants of the files left behind. it's a real shitty thing to do to try and scam old people, and try and destroy their memories at the same time. Hope you manage to recover everything mate. I know, what utter scum they are. Got my brother running a file recovery program right now. I'll be installing a very firmly locked down Debian on his machine on Sunday, with automatic backups. I remember reading about a hospital that got hit by ransomware. They really are a nastier class of criminal.  To remote in and delete files manually is utter bullshit. a hospital getting hit was probably just some dick opening an email attachment. Thats terrible man, silver lining I guess is he is lucky enough to have technically competent people in his family willing to chip in and help. Clutching at straws to draw a positive but at least there is that. We reckon we can get the photos back through family and SD cards, and it looks like the documents we can't recover aren't totally irreplaceable. If I manage to find out anything about who did it, you best bet I'll be going full Neeson. As you should, that's balls man. No luck with the file recovery? Bits and pieces, but mostly corrupted apparently. I'm going to inspect it myself on Sunday- even if I can salvage bits of the data that'd be better than nothing. My brother's taken him to the bank and they've changed all his details, the fraud squad have interviewed him, as far as I can tell they won't be able to do anything with the data they've stolen.

The missing documents will be a PITA to rebuild, but the pictures were irreplaceable and I just hope someone has a backup- my dad or uncle will, likely, but my grandfather apparently isn't keen on them knowing he was scammed. Brother and I will have to come up with an excuse to get copies off him. Had to look up what ransomware was there.  People are fucking animals - hope you get it sorted out. Cheers. I hope so too :/ top tune today. Sometimes, I wonder why the fuck I am involved in politics. Paranoia and power hungry arseholes no matter what party it is. What's triggered that post? (I agree btw) I am a party activist (some would say high ranking) and just feel overwhelmed by power hungry numpties who think that everyone else is the same. I have people trying to push me into running for election and I am only considering it to keep some total careerists out who have no principles. 

I wouldn't want to do it for long, one or two terms and then out. I have a friend who is in exactly the same position... The calibre of some of the folks getting put forward (for the Scottish Parliament) is lamentable. Not a great time for Scottish, British or European politics. And as for the USA... Jings! it was the power hungry bump ties that drove us away from party meetings.  Absolute bell-ends some of them especially the ones who run and suck up the arse of the msp/mp

edit. autocorrect.  i'm leaving it http://www.azquotes.com/picture-quotes/quote-the-desire-to-be-a-politician-should-bar-you-for-life-from-ever-being-one-billy-connolly-79-78-97.jpg New Deftones and Frightened Rabbit albums out today! Gonna head down to Mono on my lunch break to see them do an instore and pick up the new record, should be ace! Heavy buzzing for both those albums. If I cant make it in today I will def try pick them up tomorrow. Update: In store was really cool, 5 new tunes and one old one. Gutted I didn't have time to stick around to pick up a signed copy of the new album Sounds great, turns out I preordered the album online - I thought it failed, expecting a physical copy in the post any day.

They are playing the Brewdog AGM tomorrow night, I need to get on the water all day or I'll remember none of it. Gore is pretty good on the first listen, but as with most Deftones stuff, it usually grows on me more after a few more listens Same here, pirated it yesterday and thought it was pretty good. 

Loving it today, perfect andetote to studying  Was going to get into work early today, then I went out last night. So that idea failed. In Florida for the week. Warm weather and unhealthy food. Nice.

Stressful thing is I might have a job interview here. Will have to study instead of chilling with a pint. Good luck with the interview! Well, another failed date. I am starting to notice a trend... A/S/L? Too old OR time is a constraint imposed via a limited concept of dimensional physics ie string theory / is it PC today to describe gender? seriously, wtf is up with that? um... female? male? non-binary?? I have lady bits so who the fuck knows? / Paisley. Can't go wrong with a post code! :D Right hen, do you rabble on like this on your dates? Fuck no. 14/F/Primark
 What happened this time? They were grumpy and insecure, etc. AKA being Scottish. Don't tell me I am going to have this problem with all Scots I date? Probably. Well, fuck. Given lack of quality options maybe it's time for a tactical rethink... Enroll in an evening class or something a bit different to widen the social circle? That's actually a good idea. Ahh not the best. Not at all :( Oh well, I am adopting a cat soon so crazy cat lady status - here I come! where are you meeting these guys? you don't sound like you've much luck. Plenty of Fish. A combination of real world and via online dating :/ Give it some more time I guess. You're bound to meet at least one guy who's not an awful whiny baby or disgusting manchild in the next month or two. Good luck. heh, thanks.  Stop going out with fuds! But where do I meet the non-fuds? :( /r/glasgow Been there, done that. Really?  That's a brutal idea, would be better up the savoy or clatty pats than in here. It was only once! Someone has already tipped their fedora and given you the "m'lady" chatup line on here? They dont hang about eh It was a few months ago, before it became obvious I was a lady-redditor. He thought I was a guy at first, strangely enough. That must have been an awkward meetup. I made it clear I was a lady before we actually met ;) Did you wear a statement piece? Got the night off work and last day of teaching for uni... What to do :p You at Glasgow? We've got another week of teaching after the Easter break at Strathclyde. I go to Stirling uni mate :)  Was thinking of going to Gordon Lane after work for a munch tonight, looks like it could be good with all the wee stalls serving street food.
 What's in there? Walked past last night but looked to be closing. It's fucking manky!  You could not pay me to eat from there. Aye? Might sway aff that idea then! http://www.eveningtimes.co.uk/news/13244726.Closing_time_for_Glasgow_s_lane_of_shame/

even if it's sorted since being a shooting gallery, it's still been all bins and rats in the period since it's blocked off! Anybody want a peanut?  Did it used to be a peanut M&M? Anyone recommend any groups, classes or clubs in the city centre? I'm relatively new to the city and wouldn't mind trying some new things/meeting new folk. Have a look on meetup.com, loads of stuff for a variety of different interests. Have a look at the evening classes at Strathclyde or Glasgow universities:

http://www.strath.ac.uk/cll/alp/ewp/

http://www.gla.ac.uk/media/media_453961_en.pdf I've been lurking this sub for a while as I'm moving to Glasgow in August. I just want to say you're all fucking great and I cannot wait to be there! Bring socks. And a big litre bottle of Grey Goose plz. Are we doing requests? Can you bring me 200 Marlboro red? You're going to need the soft packs if you want to look cool. I got a soft pack from a vendor in sauchiehall st once. He laughed because apparently they're for girls, but I felt like Spike Spiegel smoking them.  Oh, and one of those massive Toblerones. This. Yes. Where are you coming from? It's even better in person, cracking city. Coming from Los Angeles, visited in January to see the city and the university I'm studying at and I was sold! [deleted] Starting my postgrad at Strathclyde  Sat next to a stunning girl on my flight down south this morning.

Didn't say a word to her, obviously.  People who talk to strangers on early flights are the worst sort of people, you did good. Early flights are great equalisers, you could have regaled her with some top /r/Glasgow banter! She didn't say a word to you either, which means she's thinks of you the same. I'm moving back to Glasgow this month after 9 years abroad. Anything changed? I heard Finnieston was now the place to be... ....in 9 years.....aye its changed a bit. Your right though Finneston is now pretty much at bursting point with decent bars and restaurants. South Side is way more popular with a lot opening up that side of the river as well, city center changes constantly...other than that...naw?  The South Side... Mate, the river is there for a reason. Stay North! Finnieston is where it's at!
 >  the river is there for a reason

well said.
 Bring socks and a massive Toblerone or you'll look out of place. Anyone know what was going on in the East end last night? Polis taping off a Vauxhall Zafira at the old school by Firpark Terrace, motorway spec car opposite the Louden on Duke Street and what seemed like an entire SWAT team descending on the Parkhead Tesco. Was I just coincidentally following the hotspots around?! Fuck knows.

There was what looked like a body (or maybe just someone having a kip) at the shops in hyndland last night, weird as fuck. It's a new moon tonight, perhaps it's something to do with reverse werewolves. Anyone with admin experience want a 12 week admin job at KPMG? Got asked if I can recommend anyone, I get Â£150 of Jon Lewis vouchers if you get the job. It's easy work and pays very well, so give us a shout if you're interested What the hell happened below you, deleted comments everywhere. I made a stupid comment when I was tired and I regretted it shortly after. For some reason I thought your comment was in reply to this thread about the job and I was wondering what on earth caused all the drama about the job and gender roles in the workplace. What level admin? I'm not sure what you mean by what level? General entry level I guess, they hired me off the back off 3 years of various temping in admin roles. The job itself is mainly just entering data / using formula on excel [deleted] It's not gender related, everybody's fucking loony. [deleted] The fuck is wrong with you?  If I was a bird I'd think you were a complete fanny. Cheers Eh, for every woman whose temper gets the better of her there's a man who thinks dick pics are the height of flattery. You're just not meeting enough men who want to be in you. Self awareness stretched thin these days. It is gender related. Neither sex completely understand the other therefore think they're not really sane. Got the fucking job didn't I. Wooooooooooooohoooooooooo! Shit yeah! ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ‰ So you did do the water and cup thing? 

Congrats btw. How do you think I got it? ;) So I'm owed at least 50% of your first wage then? Well done and congrats!! Thank you!!! x Fuckin yas. Bring in cakes laced with cat hair for all your new coworkers. Hahahaha yessss Has everybody slept in?

Here I am wearing my finest 'statement piece' too and there's nobody to notice it...
 We'll, don't you look smashing! I too am wearing a statement piece today. I'm eating a square sausage piece in a state this morning. My statement piece today consists of a pair of trackies. It's to make the bold statement that I'm doing absolutely fuck all today. Gotta love a good ol' pair of trackiedaks. Brian Fallon could be pretty cool tonight, album was good but I wish he would go back to writing songs like the early Gaslight stuff. Shit forgot that was tonight, was gonna go but have barely given the album a second listen since it came out (too much other good new stuff). I'm hoping Gaslight come back with a punkier sounding records in a few years, their last wasn't up to much Sink Or Swim is such a great album, I really wish they would come back and do something like that again. The new Brian Fallon album is really good it just feels a bit familiar even on first listen. Def take it over some of the later Gaslight stuff though. Landlord has approved me getting a cat! The search begins to find a  wee furbaby! Anyone know anyone who is looking to rehome their cat or kittens?    
I would rather rehome, than buy from a breeder.     
     
ETA: Hey, I know about SSPCA and re-homing centres. This is more a shout-out to people who may need to rehome without taking it to an centre. Thank you though for your replies, I appreciate your time. Cats Protection! https://www.scottishspca.org/rehome/ All my dogs have come from SSPCA, love the staff there. Seconding the SSPCA. We got our wee guy from there and there's always plenty of cats or kittens looking for a new home there.  Great tune today. I have some sort of throat infection which has left me unable to speak and feeling like my neck is full of broken glass. Currently surviving on smoothies and the promise of the pizza crunch supper I'm going to have once I recover. 1 tbsp of Apple Cider Vinegar in a glass of lukewarm water, twice a day - promise you it helps! You should stay away from milk and dairy while you've got throat infections, assuming that's what you're putting in your smoothies. I had tonsillitis earlier this year for like 3 weeks and it was shite. Nah, just fruit and protein powder. Definitely not tonsillitis, thankfully - I had those fuckers out when I was two. Stuck inside ill and the Internet in my area is down. Gonna play Starfox until either of those change.  Checked the poll and it looks like more people were in favor of changing the tab heading, anyone got any decent suggestions?  How about a graphic based on a bus destination blind? http://www.otagoframers.com/otago-framers-destintions.jpg Any that isn't "People make Glasgow" Cunts make Glasgow? Glasgow; where not every cunt is a cunt.  Except you, yer a cunt Thanks, that is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me on here.  Lets make it something worse. Isn't Glasgow the cocaine capital of Europe? Technically, but or coke is only like 5% actual cocaine. I'd hardly want to show off that title. Ahahahah "R/Glagow - Worst Drugs in The world. "Best worst drug capital" "Worst Drugs, Best Cunts" leave it! PISS MOAN PISS MOAN PISS MOAN PISS MOAN PISS MOAN PISS MOAN  Probably a bit too long. Good point. How about:

PISS MOAN PISS MOAN PISS MOAN PISS MOAN PISS MOAN I hear back from the ideal job today. So nervous I could cry  Good luck! The closing date for my ideal job was Friday, still waiting to hear back from them  Good luck!  How did you get on mate?  Didn't hear pal :(  Nothing worse than waiting for something all day.  Feel for you.  Thank you :( I'm trying to see it as a good thing? Like, if I 100% didn't have it, they would have told me. I dunno, it's been a shit day  I would think of it positively too (as hard as that is). Right now you might still have the job as you haven't been told otherwise.  Wishing you all the best and a positive result! What's the job?  <removed>

Edit: Joke was poor taste. I apologise. ... u ok Thank you!  Content writer ðŸ˜ Let us know when you hear! Got a job interview today. Dressed up in my office finery I can't help but feel that I look slightly like a Jehova's Witness.  Good luck! Wear a statement piece, add some colour. Most people tend to wear the same thing to interviews (black and white) so adding a statement piece, or a pop of colour, will help set you apart visually and also show a sense of confidence. This is good advice! I wore an interesting brooch when I interviewed for this job and the interviewer commented on it. Made me memorable. Exactly this! Having been in the position of "Interviewer" in the past, the ones I still remember to this day are the ones who stood out visually (both good and bad!). The white shirt/black suit combo is forgettable.    
For myself, I have a black and beige dress which I wear with a black blazer, and a gold pearl earring/necklace combo. Always gets me the job!  A pearl-necklace should secure the position Christ son... What a brilliant expression. I'm going to try that tomorrow to see if my boss notices.

Wait - I don't have any statement pieces... Just take a regular shirt and splash blood/shit down the front of it. Instant statement piece.  Time to go shopping! The mrs was excellent in suggesting just this kind of thing, so hopefully I managed to pull it off. It's a fine line between a pop of colour and an amateur Patrick Bateman. I am sure you looked perfectly professional without a hint of psychopath :) Great idea. I would suggest [something like this](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/510Z%2BzLPBcL._SY300_.jpg) would make one look quite distinguished. I am trying to find this twisted as FUCK anime I used to watch a kid. It was about world history, there was no dialogue, and all I can remember is the section about Romulus and Remus being raised by a wolf. Can't find it ANYWHERE. If you can't find it, reddit probably can:  
/r/tipofmytongue /r/tipofmypenis is equally good for porn  Fucking bawbag company won't let me continue working up here, but also can't tell me when they expect me to move back to London - or for how long they'd expect me to be there, either. End of my rope, think I'm gonna pan it in. Anyone need an Assistant Editor? Do they pay London wages when you move? I could be so fucking lucky.  Been in a good habit of getting up before 9 to ensure that I start revising at a reasonable time.  Today however, sleepy me fell back asleep for my usual snooze, expecting my alarm to go off, and instead I woke up at 9:45.  I turned it off instead of snoozing it.  Oops. Can we reopen the discussion about how annoying the "City That Never Sobers Up" Tab heading is? Last time I brought this up it seemed like I wasnt the only one sick of it.  Tbh Newcastle is a more fitting city for that title to be honest, until I can get 3 triple rum & cokes for a fiver in Glasgow I don't think we deserve it. Haha fair. I think a lot of Cities can safely claim to be fairly boozy cities but I find it cringworthy that Glasgow has to keep going on about it.  I like it to, I mean the city isn't always drunk but it's never sober. I mean when was the last time Glasgow was serious about anything? It's still my favourite city even if there isn't much to do its always a good place to be. I like it! It does my nut in, not because I am opposed to drinking I think its more self deprecating shite that Glasgow is guilty of so often. Lot more to the City than a bunch of pished folk. Let's have a vote: http://strawpoll.me/7286135

If the majority of us don't like it, we can see if /u/Marzepans is up for changing it. Before I vote, does anybody have any decent alternative? 

I mean, we could go for something simple like Dear Green Place but I'd like to see some interesting and/or amusing alternatives! Some sort of pun on that 80s's "Glasgow's Miles Better" thing?

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasgow%27s_miles_better](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasgow%27s_miles_better) I'm entirely open to suggestions From the poll, it looks like people want a change. Can I change the top sticky (from the /r/glasgowmarket announcement) to a discussion about suggestions for a new header? Go ahead Good man. Moderat tonight, yas! Academy is shite but Working from home this week. Need to get out and work somewhere else in the afternoon to avoid cabin fever. Any recommendations for somewhere relatively quiet in the west end area? I really like Offshore.  Fika. Thats a glorious shout actually, I will probably try working from there one day this week. Good shout, round the corner from me. I always thought iCafe looked like a good place for this sort of thing.  There's one on Great Western Road, and I think the one on Woodlands Road is still there. Looks pretty decent. I've been told that the Hug and a Pint on GWR does filter coffee and free refills for Â£2.50 so that's looking like the first choice right now.  Sounds like a plan!  I thought their food was pretty decent as well when I was there. Fear of Men should be a good show, headed to see it tonight! Probably have a few drinks too if anyone wants to join. Stayed up till 3 last night to watch most of Wrestlemania. Currently sat at my desk wanting to die due to lack of sleep and a rotten cold. Worth it for how sick that Shane V The Undertaker match was though I feel the selfsame pain. Couple days back I ended up staying up 'til four or so to watch a live-streamed gig. I'm still attempting - in vain, I'm afraid, as I only caught around three hours tonight - to regain sleep! The gig was worth it, mind. I tried to get a stream of it last night, couldnt get it working though. Not seen the wrestling in years and fancied a wee nostalgia trip. I signed up for a months trial of that WWE Network to get a HD stream, gonna cancel before it charges me mind.  God my stomach has choosen a new career as a fucking gymnast. Can't wait to get out of work today feel like shit. I have gastroparaesis (don't look that up), and currently a throat infection too, so you have my sympathy. Fuck yerselves, stomachs. Anyone know why there's a bunch of tents in George Square? Homelessness protest: http://thirdforcenews.org.uk/tfn-news/homelessness-protesters-to-defy-eviction-order Good on them. Fuck the council. You can't manufacture class through social cleansing.  The same is happening in England. I've seen homeless camps, some of which were previously government-sanctioned, quite aggressively "cleaned up" in England. I was really hoping it wouldn't come to that here. No such luck. As you said, /u/RiseToSubmission, you can't manufacture class.  Anyone else here listen to the Archers? Holy shit, it's good this week. Lots of troubles with the trains today (apparently there's not enough drivers, and some flooding), so make sure to check online before you travel.  Was late for work because there was nobody to replace the bus driver at the end of his shift.

Went to barramaina last night. Only my 2nd time at ICW. Good event although I do fear someone is going to get badly hurt with some of these insane bumps. Gonna be playing board games with some folk at Max XP on Duke Street from around 4ish till late, in case anyone is looking for something to do tonight, the more the merrier. Dear bloke in white SEAT that I cut up on the roundabout near Cambuslang last night: I'm sorry about that, didnae see you. Ten hour shift, just wanted to get home. 

Following me home to park outside my house was a bit weird though. Will be putting cameras up today :-/ Wow that's pretty creepy. Did you confront him? I parked my car in my drive and watched as he and his passenger drove into the cul-de-sac and around. They parked up in front of my house and I stood at the door waiting for them to come to me. They then drove off, then came back around and parked again for a few minutes, then drove off again. Wish I'd had the foresight to take the registration number, but I was a bit freaked out by it all. Keep thinking I should've driven somewhere else rather than leading the potential nutter to where I live.

Should point out I'm not exactly innocent here, it was a really shoddy piece of driving on my behalf, but nobody got hurt, and I don't think I'd follow someone two miles just to bother them about it... Aye, if you knew they were following you it would be wise to drive to a police station or at least not lead them to your gaff. Hope you're not too freaked out. There's something about a Sunday that makes it feel longer than any other day. I could be doing fuck all on Saturday and fuck all on Sunday and yet Sunday feels like a 48hour day. Tell me about it, I'm working a 12 hour shift today. Quiet as fuck though, all I've done is sit watching movies. Got the Ultimate Cut of Watchmen seen. Anyone know of a nice piercing place that'll put the ball closure back in a couple of earrings for me? Fuck'd if I can get them back in.  Glasgow Piercing Studio on Parnie Street at the Trongate is a great wee place. Me and the other half have had all of ours done there. Cherry Pie in Hamilton is brilliant, but they only have one (admittedly great) piercer, and it's generally quite busy. Otherworld is one of the best in Glasgow, and I've heard good things about Forevermore as well; their tattoos are meant to be great, don't know about their piercing, but I imagine it's just as good. Wrestlemania today  Gave my boyfriend tickets for ICW's Barramania for his Christmas.  He is going to be on a wrestling blowout today/tomorrow morning. I won't be able to watch it until after work tomorrow, so I'll be going in to social media shutdown from tonight  I managed to get the day off work so a bevy watching it is in order, can't wait!  Chvrches tonight! Still can't quite get into the second album. Hoping hearing it live might help. Ate they playing 2 gigs tonight? It's an after party at the SWG3 Ah right! I wondered!! I think they might be doing a DJ set as well, but km not sure That would be good! Don't think the Hydro will be great though. Well, they were actually pretty good. Her voice has got a lot stronger and they seemed to carry the crowd pretty well (with the exception of the interminable inter - song chat). First album tracks still sounding stronger IMO I love chvrches but i hate the hydro as a venue. Glad to hear you had a good night and they sounded good!! If anyones looking for somewhere to go I'm doing a room at SWG3 poetry club. House music all night - 
http://www.skiddle.com/whats-on/Glasgow/SWG3/Limits/12655581/ 


Housemates will be playing at 12
https://www.facebook.com/UKHouseMates/?fref=ts Had surgery to remove a cyst from my eyelid on Thursday so my eye is swollen up and red as shit and obviously going on a first date tonight.  Wear an eye patch. Pirates are sexy I genuinely did haha. Skull and bones effort How did the date go? Can you see it turning into a long term relation-SHIP where you will TREASURE them, or more likely to keep them as a BOOTY call? Eye matey. She's a keeper  Going to IKEA today. That is literally the most exciting thing I've done for like, 3 months.

Also for anyone who likes animated films, Zootropolis is amazing. Just a heads up. IKEA is always exciting! Hope you rewarded yourself with an IKEA hot dog.   I bought 20 chicken nuggets from the McDonald's across the road and ate them all myself. Next time I'll reward myself with a hot dog. Promised the missus I'd paint the kitchen while she was away and just realised I need a stepladder! GO GO GADGET ARMS! Anyone got any idea what was going on in the city centre last night? Really heavy traffic! We had been at the jack garrat gig and spent at least 15 minutes at charing cross trying to get on the motorway! There were roadworks on the motorway last night, fucked up my drive into work as well  Yeah i was desperate for home and it just wasn't happening!! Interview number five today. Really a second interview for a job I so desperately want. Hoping I don't fuck it up because it really would be ideal for me  Be strong, be confident, know your answers, make them laugh! Good luck. I hope you're covered in cat hair today as well for that feline luck boost. Thanks!

I almost definitely will have some cat hair on me. Adds character.

Update: yup. Got cat hair on me. Don't even know how. ðŸ˜» When they offer water, keeping pouring until it flows out your cup. It's shows you always give 110% I love this.  And then pee on them to assert dominance?  Matt and Kim are a fun night out if you're into Indie pop. Lots of energy. They put on a great show.  I saw them a few years ago when they were supporting another band. Man they were so full of energy and gusto, it was an amazing night.

I feel slightly too old for them now. I hardly have the energy to listen to one of their songs, nevermind dance to them. My boss pranked me today. I am off and she got my pal to phone and say that I wasn't in and she was worried. Of course I called her and she then asked why I wasn't in our Edinburgh office as planned. Minor anxiety ensued before she asked me what the date was. My ex overheard the conversation and thought it was funny. At least one of us did.... I went to a gym class yesterday so now I'm all sore.  On the plus side, I now know how to get to Glasgow Unis Garscube campus for future purposes.

I'm currently drinking my tea, which since September ish time has been milk no sugar.  I wouldn't go back to putting sugar in but man do I still miss the taste of it. Have you tried sweetener instead? 

I have a friend who puts 4 to 6 sugars in tea. If you have to add that much sugar to tea then I'm not sure you actually like tea. That's vile, he may as well be having some fizzy juice or something like that.

I don't like the taste of sweeteners, so not an option for me. > that might be diffe

I drop 4 in to replace 2 spoons of sugar, Forgot the taste of tea with sugar at this point. I agree about the taste of sweeteners, but for me half a spoon of sugar and 1 sweetener tastes like 2 sugars in coffee- I don't drink tea so that might be different. Anyone know what the reddit April fool is this year?  r/trees and r/marijuanaenthusiasts have swapped again /r/TIFU has changed to strictly animal gifs for April fools. 

/r/RoastMe is now /r/BernMe in honour of Bernie Sanders.

I don't think there's a site-wide April fool. It's all very stale now. Any meets ups this weekend? My partner's cramming for an exam this weekend for an exam on Monday so I'm freeðŸ˜¹ðŸ˜‚! Second week in a row work have screwed up my pay (meaning I didn't get any). Spending my morning speaking to HR on the phone instead of listening to the new Weezer record wasn't what I had in mind... New Weezer record? Let me know if it's any good, I sort of gave up on them at Make Believe. Not listened to the full album but a couple singles from it have came out in the last few weeks which are sounding really promising  Gutted they're only doing Manchester / London shows on this tour. Saw them at Brixton in 2011 and it was one of the best shows I've ever seen Never seen them live myself but I suspect they would be fucking awesome Reviews are saying it's their best since the Red album in 08. The last 3 all had a couple of good singles but are mostly crap EWBAITE was decent I thought, liked the sound of their preview song "Do You Wanna Get High?" for the new album. HELP! I just moved and will now be catching a train to work and am trying to buy a weekly ticket but it won't let me unless I have a SmartCard, which won't arrive for a week... So.. How the fuck am I supposed to buy a fucking weekly ticket in the meantime?!!?!?! If you go to any ticket office with a passport-style photo they'll print you off a weekly or monthly season ticket and a wee ID with your face on it in case you lose it. But.. it's just a weekly goddamn ticket?? Why should I have to pay for a passport style photo JUST to get a weekly bloody ticket?! Is that why trains are so expensive? offsetting the time wasted having photos on a godamn weekly freaking ticket?!     
I am PMSing severely over here and am so damn grumpy today, godsdamnit. It's just one photo for as long as you're renewing tickets for, and you save a ton of cash if you buy a monthly over weeklys. Take 5 minutes to perform breathing exercises and stick the kettle on.  So. Fucking. Convoluted. Thank you for explaining it, but seriously. Whose bright idea was this!? What if you're just here for a week for work or something? Fucking Scotland. Scotrail has always been a confusing mess for people who aren't relatively aware. I'm not even going to start on ZoneCards. I am just so used to Oyster, Opal, or Go cards. Simple. effective. easy to use. No fucking selfies required. I doubt they'd accept a selfie either btw. If you apply online.mobile app they let you use selfies.... so fingers crossed.  My wife gets a season ticket and apparently they are finally coming out with the smart cards for the readers on all platforms. Know-how delivered my fridge freezer, They didn't bother to read the delivery note about using the back door. I let them attempt to deliver it threw the front door which is about an inch to narrow. Before they went round the back.

EDIT: Guess karma got me, Fridge Freezers broken. -.- Went on a date last night. He got steaming drunk and embarrassed himself in front of my work colleagues. Fucking Londoners. Are you sure he wasn't just intoxicated by your beauty? Oh my! -*blush*- A Glaswegian complaining about how much we Londoners drink? Oh the irony :P Seriously though rookie error on his part I'm Australian ;) ... Not that that makes it any better, actually....     
Honestly, he had drunk less than a bottle of wine and an espresso martini - on a full stomach!! Dude seriously couldn't handle his booze. Clearly a south Londoner. They grow up getting pissed on WKD's aha Got it in one!  What did he do? He got all needy and boohoo-ey, and I had to bring out my inner-sociopath in order to control the situation. It wasn't pretty, but I'm pretty sure my reputation wasn't compromised in any way.    
ETA: Oh! And not to forget, he then sent me a fucking ESSAY about how I was a meanie pants, etc etc etc. Fucking twat. Screenshot them and get them on /r/cringe. Fun for all to be had. BEST IDEA EVER! Oh man you need to do this Christ. How old was this person? Totes inappropes if they're anything over about 19. 39!!! I am starting to think it's not that I attract crazy people, but I bring out the crazy IN people. The older I get the more sure I am that everybody is mental. And because of cognitive bias, I can't even exclude myself.

Hell is other people! I am definitely mental, and am not even very good at hiding it!! Yet apparently I'm the endearing type...As opposed to the sending drunken essays to a girl at midnight type, obvs. Are you sure you didn't go on a date with a child? I am starting to suspect it may have been a very large child in a man suit. Vincent Adultman? Pretty much! Probably a stressful day at the business factory. So are you going to see him again? Oh aye, we have plans tonight for a romantic boat cruise along the Thames!      yhyh Yassss! LAD! 

But really what a twat. Ever realise this isn't all just some horrible fucking dream and your not going to wake up soon to continue your life of being a fucking dragon slaying wizard? 

Naw? Aye me neither. I'm pretty sure I'll wake up soon and go back to my life as a Unicorn Wrangler. Sunny and warm today in Hamilton, it's almost too good to be true. There'll probably be another murder today to make up for it.

Edit: Ronnie Corbett is dead. Blood for the blood God. Ronnie Corbett has died. I feel like 2016 is preparing us for Keith Richards or Ozzy to kick the bucket some time this year. It'll all be worth it if the queen joins them. A day aff work, either in the form a national holiday or a hangover related sickie.  Always ponder what exactly will happen when she does fall off the mortal coil. What I'm absolutely dreading is the 17billion hours of rolling news coverage when she does go.  As far as I'm concerned an old extremely rich 90yr old wummin dying isn't worth the amount of coverage it's gonna get. Buuuuut it's definitely going to be mega since most people alive in UK have only ever lived under her reign. Wonder what it will be like for the sectarian factors in West of Scotland.  Just joined a gym. What better time than 6am?! 

Now back to bed to dream that I went. I joined a gym but now I'm currently got some more free time I'm only now actually planning to seriously use it.  

I would love to get fit in my own home but I'm the sort of person who needs a class situation to pressure me to work hard. If I was to do that I wouldn't get any time away from a crying baby. Plenty of crying babies at the gym. They're usually the one's on the heavy weights. Fuck that gym caper. Buy some kettlebells and you can get fit in yer living room wearing only yer duds at a time that suits you.

Edit: /r/kettlebell  Anyone fancy a game of 5's tonight?

6PM Scotland Street - need 2 if possible due to drop outs. What time? 6PM! Whereabouts? Scotland Street - Just outside Shields Road tube. What are we playing? 5-a-side Football! 5 card draw poker. Cheer up! The weather's also pish in Olbia today. Passed my theory! Guy a the test centre was a right cunt to everyone when they didn't cough up the paperwork he wanted within half a second, couldn't even say well done when handing my results over - get it roon ye bawjaws! Well done! Definitely book your test ASAP, waiting lists are around 13 weeks at the moment. Have done already - end of June :(

But i'm nowhere near ready at the moment and you can pay an extra 20 to get access to a cancellation list. So bascially, so as i'm ready, jump on the cancellation list and a date will pop up sooner. Can you provide more info on this cancellation list? I'm not sure because i've not actually paid for it yet, but as far as i'm aware, once you have booked your test you are able to pay an additional 20 to be registered on a cancellation list. You provide the date range you are looking to sit the test in and they will update you as soon as something becomes available and you can book it. Interesting, thanks. Did you do this with your test centre or the .gov site? My instructor has done it but i think you can do it through the .gov site. I'll ask next time i'm out if you are struggling to find info let me know. Thanks mate What is it you're having issues with? For me it was always clutch control, the Kia I learned on had a clutch like a hair trigger. Zero margin for error. I'm not too bad with the clutch, except when i'm sitting at lights and forget i've got it in 1st and let go of the clutch completely. I just had a lesson tonight, have been doing roundabouts the last couple of lessons but i'm struggling a bit with coming back down the gears (i'm fine going up) but its more when i'm coming up to say, a roundabout. I'm going up to it in 3rd and i'm trying to go down to 2nd to take the roundabout but then somebody comes round from the right, so now i'm down to first and oh shit i've got to move, ok fuck which exit is it again, ok what? indicate now? ok, ok ok i'm trying to get back up to 3rd now but i'm also trying to make sure i get off the motherfucking roundabout in one piece too, ok fuck junction coming up, which lane, WHICH LANE?.....NO YOU FUCKING RELAX. 

so yeah...that bit. Start your MSPSL routine far enough ahead of the junction that by the time you get within four car lengths (you'll soon be able to eyeball this) of that white line you've finished the routine and are now watching the roundabout like a hawk. You might (*might*) get a minor for it on a test but that's better than screwing it up which can (and did, in my case) get you a major fault and a fail.

If it helps you, you can talk yourself through the routine each step of the way and nobody will bust your balls for it. It helped me, for sure.

And if you feel it's taking you a while to "get" roundabouts, don't worry too much. They're easily (and by quite a way) the most difficult situation to deal with as a driver.  Well done pal. Didja go to the test centre in Anderston? I had the same angry fucker who was very pissy with the couple of folk who weren't native english speakers. Although when he handed me my results he said 'Guess I won't be seeing your mug again. Get oot.' Total deadpan. Was so nervous and confused it wasn't until I got to the lift that I worked out that was his was of congratulating me for passing. Yeh it was that test center, aye sounds like the same guy. Spoke to my instructor tonight about him and she says they've all got a hip on their shoulder in there because they are usually ex driving instructors that didn't meet new requirements and get papped in there. Sounds like he was flirting with you btw! Well done lad and/or lass. Get your practical booked in today, the waiting lists are ridiculous. On my way to job interview number four. Covered in cat hair. Start as you mean to go on ðŸ˜» Well dressed furry. Crinkled shirt and cat hair is a good combo! Good luck! Thanks bud!  What's with all the / r /european (intentionally not linking to avoid pinging the mods of that Auschwitzian horrorhole) posters invading this sub of late? I wish they'd go back where they came from, and take their dangerous ideologies with them. 

^no ^I ^don't ^see ^any ^irony ^in ^that, ^why ^do ^you ^ask? Aye noticed some pretty dark overtones creeping in recently. I suspect that have caught wind of some of the problems Glasgow has had/is facing and figured they can try recruit more to their cause....much like any other extremest recruiter. Makes sense. Hope the irony isn't lost on them. Glad to see Primal Scream haven't turned into a slurry of human skin, booze and cocaine yet.  Whats the new album like?  You tell me: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfbgMSfz1hg
 Cheers! Thats my evening listening sorted  [deleted] Still drunk.  Driving theory test today - better pass the fucker since it'll be the middle of June before there are any dates free to resit. I had a test scheduled on the 31st of Dec just before the theory test was brought in and it got snowed off. Had to put aside the test and do the theory test first, added several months. Not amused.  Good luck! I've gotta start working on getting mine :/ It's nowhere near as hard as you think (like the practical test, actually), but that doesn't mean you don't need to put the work in.

My strategy was to do one (and never more than one) mock test a day, every day for eight weeks in the run up to the test but *not* to do a mock test the night before. Passed it comfortably, first time.

My instructor maintained that the best way to learn your theory was to do those mock tests alongside your practical lessons since the actual driving lets you put into practice things like reading signs and anticipating hazards. I agree with him wholeheartedly. Hey thanks for the words of encouragement! Much appreciated :) Just witnessed a guy setting fire to his own shoe on the bus. Cheers mate. Was [this](http://i.imgur.com/vsykm.gif) the guy? Fuuuuuuuuck waking up for work after a long weekend is abysmal. I want to be done with this day already.  Bus before mine didn't show up today so two buses full of people tried to fit into one small 7. Not felt like I've had my personal space violated so much since I used to live in London and get the tube to work. Question for those of you who've lived in both cities and get the Subway in rush hour here: Is it at bad as the Tube in rush hour? no nowhere near as shite, but still a little shite. endearingly shite. The Subway in Glasgow is pure luxury by comparison. Gonna be a total kick in the baws when it closes for renovation.  Wish it ran to the southside, can't stand getting that bus to work. If I ever move to another flat I'm definitely going to make sure its near a subway station.  I considered moving to Southside on my last move, getting the bus was the real put off there, glad I stuck with the west end.  Nothing like as bad. The middle carriage is usually fairly empty and there isn't the constant stream of people at all times that make you pray your oyster card works first time. Seriously, nobody fall for this shite on GlasgowMarket

https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgowmarket/comments/4cb3bw/looking_for_someone_who_is_from_glasgow/ Missed it. What did it say? Some walloper looking to exploit someone in Glasgow for the princely sum of $20 US. Basically trying to use someone else's address for business purposes for no legitimate reason. Looks like he reported you for telling him to fuck off. Good times. Welcome to Glasgow, get told where to go for trying to scam people. How'd you find out about a report? I mod /r/glasgowmarket. Removed the offending post too, of course. So he reported me to you? What's the damage? 10p in the swear jar? Haha, /r/glasgow would be fucked if we had a swear jar. Good money spinner for someone ;) I posted the message saying I was intrigued to see what he'd tell me. I got a PM telling me to email a random address to find out more and that's it.  Aye, dingie that one mate. we need a separate market sub for dodgy stuff, maybe /r/paddysmarket ? /r/barras /r/spam mate. Dodgy bastards Who leaves 2 bikes in the doorway of a busy train? And when they fall don't claim ownership of them and do the reasonable thing of picking them up?  Sounds like they were asking for their bikes to leave the train at the next station. Sometimes I'll bring my bike on the train, but I'd never do it during peak times or on a busy train. I'd sooner cycle the distance into Glasgow than be packed into a sardine tin with angry commuters. I feel like I only feel this way because I was once an angry commuter, and I can't relive that part of my life. Last time I took my bike on the train I was told there was no bike storage on that train any longer, Door ways the only place to put it, Leaving it however is the best way to have your bike left at a station without you. I'm in London for work the next few days. Boo.  Great place to visit, fantastic place to leave. Fully agree. I visited London for four days a few months ago and I loved it, had a great time, but man was I glad to leave as well.  Pal of mine lives in that there London. Got hit by a van the other day, cunt just drove off. Woke up in the hospital. He's alright, though he'd be better if he hadn't been run over. Moving the clocks forward an hour ... bastard getting up this morn. On the upside, we have more daylight hours of overcast and wind! Anyone heading to the Scotland game tonight? I plan to sit on my arse and play fallout and listen to podcasts most of the day. I downloaded the automatron dlc but have yet to try it...  Went to the Bier Halle on Gordon Street for the first time yesterday, so much good beer but my wallet and head are paying for it today. That 20 quid I got out just to place a deposit on the steins subsequently got spend on more booze. Glad I have today off to recover and watch films At least the train was dead today... Scotrail staff must be loving the OT, at various stations there was more ticket people on hand than passengers! Bang went my lie in when my boyfrind's train was cancelled this morning!! Roads are empty today, it's braw. Time and a half too, which is nice.  Got to Edinburgh in 50 minutes. Unheard of.  The trains are shite today. Been sitting outside central for ten minutes, just chillin'.  Had a 'Moo Pie' in some place in the corner of the Merchant Square over Easter weekend. It was freezing cold. Would not recommend. Mind the clocks have stolen an hour from ye's! Wouldn't want anyone being late for Jedward. Was wondering why I felt fucked when I was rudely awoken... I thought I was wrecked and lost walking home from the pub, WHIT IVE BEEN WALKING HOME FOR AN HOUR AND TEN MINUTES WHERE THE FUCK AM I oh right I'm home now Seen BvS last night and actually really enjoyed it. The reviews are really harsh for it.  Happy Easter!   Gutted the house today, my computer keyboard next. Then I night apply to be on 'Obsessive Compulsive Cleaners" as I'm sure gutting my tiny flat twice a year qualifies... Really looking forward to the longer nighr You're welcome to a wee holiday at my place any time you want. I was hoping my gig would be picked up by the Steamiebot, Rosco McLelland/Rosco McSkeleton is playing at The Griffin tonight, which I'm very much looking forward to. Yeah he's pretty good, it's a shame there isn't more stand up on this. I do love a Sunday night stand up.  Seen him before at The Stand as one of the Tuesday act and I walked away thinking he was better than the 'headline'. Breezy, is it? *watches bins flying past window* Woke up at half 3 in the morning to my ceiling dripping on the bed. Letting agents is shut, is it worth calling their emergency number? Bit worried that we'll have a serious issue on our hands if it rains again, but at the same time not sure if there will be anything they can do. I think the it's safe to say water coming in through the ceiling would be considered and emergency.  Apparently the letting agent thinks so but the roofing company are being dicks about it and saying they won't come out til Tuesday. Tarpaulin over the bed, then.... fucking hate renting, time to start saving for that deposit I think. Or the flight to Canada. "uniformitarianism"-Sounds like a crazy offshoot of the wee frees. Cosplay karaoke? I'm not sure if that's the best or worst idea ever. What the fuck is going on in our city lately? In the past week the number of violent crimes and/or psychotic nutters that have been reported is shocking. The woman stabbed in Dixon blazes, a murdered 15 year old from Clydebank, murdered shopkeeper in shawlands, psycho wielding a machete outside a school. And I know there's a few others I'm probably failing to mention,including the knife point mugging on Duke Street a couple weeks ago, street knife fight in Calton , and others. 

Argh. Doesn't feel like a good Friday to me.  Actually reading this Steven King book which involves this whole small town suddenly going mental. There are definite parallels.  What's it called? Sorry for the super late reply. Needfull Things, almost finished it now, its a beast. Sounds like The Tommyknockers. Can't decide if it's a beautiful sunny day or just no' raining yet. Here's hoping it stays dry. After that shit yesterday where it was-but-wasn't-quite-raining, we deserve better. Day off, cooking a roast IN MY NEW FLAT!!! Moved everything in last night, felt so overwhelmed. It's been four months since I moved to Glasgow and I am so happy I'm settled now :D Congrats! Yay, Friday. Sadly I don't have the day off. 

Does anyone know if the lea rig on Alexandra Parade is particularly dodgy? It just seems to be full of auld guys but I saw a forum post online, from 2004 mind you, implying it's not somewhere you want to go.  When you taking me for that pint, Mark? Gies another clue m8. Third job interview of the week today then heading to my mum's. Went to the midnight screening of Batman vs Superman last night and I really wish I hadn't! I've got tickets for tomorrow is it really that bad?  Wasn't worth being out til 4am bud. Not awful  Walking by George Square last night and saw a load of tents camped out. Any ideas what that was all about? I would also like to know because I am a nosy bastard. Bunch of wanks in Guy Fawkes masks who reckon that a bit of camping is going to change the world. Nothing says ANARCHY like a nicely set up tent in a public square. Take that, The Man. when I saw them they were wearing their masks on top of their heads, like hats, which somewhat undermined the whole anonymity thing Day off work. Just about to get up and get ready for a cycle out to Strathaven.  Upvotes to this new found subreddit. #anotherweegie Welcome! Day off!

Gonna catch up on the last 2 episodes of Better call saul, then possibly give this bike a wee spin. It's rusty all over, chains, handle area, seat area, you name it. I'm not particularly hopeful. 

 Decided not to take any time off for Easter. The office is dead, it's quite depressing. 

On the plus side, they were handing out free creme eggs in Queen St this morning... So what's every one up to this good Friday? My Mrs is a bit under the weather and I'm new in town so don't know anyone. Lonely pub crawl? I met up with some friends for lunch and then I've dropped off my sister and two friends to see Adele - I am not going because I feel like all her songs sound the same.

I think if you join the Reddit Glasgow Facebook group you can find some people willing to go out to the pub with you. Bis are playing King Tut's tonight?! If I had some money I'd be all over that. Spending what little I have at a Belle and Sebastian themed night at the Flying Duck this evening. It's been too long since the other half and I went dancing, just us. Tuned into Clyde 1 in the car there to hear the morning news and we got a mix of the usual news and some real junkie sounding guy, playing dance tunes and shouting, "Yass i've got Clyde 1 noo, what ye's going to listen to?"..   
Not sure if somethings up with the radio or if Bowies just on a mad one. Sounds like someone has an FM transmitter! Was it in a built up area? Did it last long? Clyde 1 was playing as usual until we got to the end of the Sandbank hill where it connects to Maryhill rd, and we then had to listen to the guy until we passed the fire station. At first I just thought it was an advert/one of the bam up things radio shows do, but then he started swearing like mad and I realised that it was probably not part of the show..  That's almost a kilometer diameter- my money would be on the source being the flats in the estate on the right. Too powerful to be unlicensed, but not powerful enough to really do much with beyond irritating commuters. Never really noticed the dread in the Scotrail women's voice when she says "Drumgelloch"  She perks right up for 'Chatelherault'. Collected the keys for my new place this morning. So. Fucking. Stoked. Get into work at 9 to find I've not been paid today despite submitting both my timesheets well before my deadline last week. This feels like the opposite of that payday Euphoria you usually get. I had this all the time. Kick up a fuss and they normally sorted it. I worked at an American bank... In the fucked wages wagon as well. Looks like they haven't managed to include my leave. Gutted.  Thinking of starting the Easter weekend with a comedy show tonight, anyone got any recommendations?  Reginald D Hunter is on at the Kings and is always good.

The random stuff at The Griffin has been fun and dirt cheap (about Â£3 a show).

Is the festival club on at The Stand tonight? It's your luck who shows up but they sometimes get pretty big names in. Went and booked my tickets for the batman/superman film ages ago and I was really excited to see it tomorrow. Now some questionable reviews are in and I'm feeling a bit silly for splashing out on imax tickets. Ah well. I'll just turn my brain off and ignore the plot.  Did the same, mate. Booked mine as soon as I could and now I've seen that it got something like 2 and a half stars on rotten tomatoes. Although, a lot of the reviews are focusing on the whole DC v Marvel thing so I'll just wait to see what I think for myself.  I'm surprised people actually thought this was going to be anything but a lot of shite?  Ben Affleck as Batman, yikes. From what I've heard, Batffleck is the good thing in the movie. Apparently very gritty and dark. I am going tomorrow so I will judge then. I am still kind of excited. Not expecting super awesome plot and it will probably be very confusing but at least the visuals should be awesome.  > Now some questionable reviews are in  

As if the trailer wasn't a big enough clue as to the reviews this would be getting. Class at college today about networking in IT. Was told we'd need to go to a relevant event to network with other people in the industry. Guess I'd better start looking. I sign my lease and move tomorrow! Meaning tonight is a frantic night of packing and probably shouldn't involve wine... It will involve wine. However - Hooray! Moving!  Advantage of Wednesday backshift; I get to spend the morning sitting on my arse catching up with Better Call Saul, Venture Bros and all the nonsense I'm subscribed to on YouTube. Coffee, crumpets and cuddles from the cats. Life ain't all bad. Being off on Friday has thrown everything into disarray... but it does kinda feel like a 'Thursday' now. I'm trying to convince myself that it's actually Tuesday today. Means when Friday rolls around I'll have no idea what's going on, but still be pretty ok with it. Refused were amazing last night, new material worked better live as well.  Was hard to shake the feeling that it would have been way better if it wasn't a Tuesday night/in the Garage though. Last 3 gigs I've been to were the garage and I fucking hate the place. Refused were incredible but I'd have preferred if it were in Stereo.  Really wish Stereo would get more punk/alt shows, Metz/Protomartyr in there was out this world. Aye agreed! Been to 3 punk shows at the Garage and really not fond of it for that kind of music. Classic Grand is much better for bigger punk shows.  Stereo is probably my favorite for punk shows, the CG can be good but it can also be pretty soul destroying trying to get a drink if its busy.  You guys should go and see DiÃ¤t tonight at Sleazys I would be pretty into that but my budget does not stretch to two nights in a row very often these days.

Not listened to Diat much but what I have checked out sounds like it would make for a good basement show. Excellent tune today. Excited for Blancmange! Mushroomhead were something else last night. Loved it. Going to a games night tonight and honestly can't wait. Definitely becoming more of a nights in person these days  Spending my entire day on my dissertation, BUT only 4 weeks left until it's handed in so there's a mixture of "cannae wait" and "shit" Lost my Baccy last night and don't get paid until tomorrow, going to see if I can survive a whole day without a fag. Wish me luck! See if you can do two! Good luck! Thanks :) Perhaps fate is offering you an opportunity to quit? We'll see how it goes I guess.  Just use contactless. You'll go overdrawn but its only for a day  Already overdrawn! So far I'm doing okay, I am using one of those e-cigarettes though if that's cheating? Aye but you can over your overdraft with contact less as a last resort as the funds don't come out straight away. And aye, totally cheating but fuck it :-) Godspeed, my friend.  All this Brussels stuff is horrific. When they catch these people they ought to castrate the fuckers. I honestly can't think of what Belgium of all places can have done to make it the target of terrorism. All it has really is beer, football and chocolate.  I lived in Brussels for 18 months (a wee while ago) and there was a huge middle eastern community which was mainly comprised of Turks and Moroccans - centred around Schaerbeek but Etterbeek (in the news recently) was similar. It was notable how un-integrated these communities were... This must be a contributing factor in the radicalisation of these nut jobs. Didn't the Paris attackers have connection to Belgium? They've been at the forefront of hunting the IS cell that carried out the attacks in Paris at the end of last year. Several cell members who survived were based in or hiding in Belgium. Just found out our office is open on Friday - What? Is anyone else's? Is this normal?  Being a contractor I kind of wish we were, I don't get paid for either good Friday or Easter Monday. Does mean I can go to Newcastle and get pissed on Friday though so swings & roundabouts I guess. Not that it helps because I don't work in an office but I'm working Friday, Saturday and Monday.  Some companies don't take bank holidays into account. Especially customer facing companies that have call centres. As long as they're not taking it out of your holiday entitlement then it's fine. I'm a temp - I don't get a holiday entitlement!  And we're just a consultancy firm. Doesn't seem fair :( What kind of temp? Agency worker or zero-hour? Either way, you have holiday entitlement.

But alas. When I have my lie in on Friday morning I'll give a sleepy thought to those less fortunate than I. Agency worker, and this is my first Easter in Scotland so I am a bit confused what is going on! Some people are saying it's a four day weekend, others are saying it's only three, no one can seem to agree on anything, and I'm stressed and confused. [Here's some info re agency workers](http://www.acas.org.uk/index.aspx?articleid=1873). Meaning you totally get annual leave (of at least 5.6 weeks per year, or 28 days if you're working five days a week). [Here's some bonus info on annual leave](http://www.acas.org.uk/index.aspx?articleid=1374). You might need to build up that entitlement before you take it though. Every employee/worker in the uk is entitled to paid time off. It's pretty wonderful.

Easter is a four day weekend. Friday is Good Friday, and Monday is Easter Monday. So both are bank holidays and are sometimes given to people as days off. Same with May Day (the first Monday in May) and the Queen's birthday (the last Monday in May). Tell you what, [I'll just leave this here](https://www.gov.uk/bank-holidays#scotland). We also get another day off some point in summer for the Glasgow fair, but I can't remember when that is.

I feel a bit bad now. I'm telling you about all the bank holidays you aren't really entitled to. Still, you now know you get paid holiday, which is a good thing to know. Thanks for the information - hugely appreciated. On a good night - my boss is gong to sign off my regular hours for the week and I get the day off :D Totally normal in Scotland  It's my first year in Scotland, after a year in London. Kinda assumed it would be the same. Was wrong. :( Lecture from 9-12 but after that it's down the pub so afternoon isn't looking to bad  Dont piss your degree away. Voice of experience here.

/oldmanstylerant Don't worry about that I just have a 6 hour gap in the middle of uni, 1130 till 530. Mushroomhead are playing tonight. I bought the ticket for American Head Charge who pulled out again but I'm sure it'll be a laugh regardless.

Wee bit of work to get through, a job interview and then out. That'll do. Day 2 of train madness! I did figure out my train home leaves 5 mins earlier and stops at 2 less stops, which is nice. I usually get the low level train from High Street to Edinburgh Park. If anything it's been quieter than usual this week. Buzzing to see Refused again tonight! Consistently one of the best hardcore bands ever on record and live, shame its at the Garage though. Can't stand that venue. > Consistently one of the best hardcore bands ever on record

Yeah, because Fan the Flames and The Truth are crucial parts of the pantheon of hardcore music. I love that people are getting shamed for their views on hardcore in /r/Glasgow. Mixed feelings about The refused gig tonight, last time I saw them was one of the best gigs of my life, but that new album.... Saw them at Groezrock last year and it sounded a lot better live, plus they're not playing too much from it anyway.  I am pretty confident its going to be amazing, looked at some of the setlists they have been playing which is reassuring. Sucks so hard its the Garage, do you know who is supporting? at Sleazy's? Nah, drove down to Newcastle to see them a few years back on the reunion tour. Was incredible. Sleazy's would have been awesome.  Best place in Partick for a  munch?, hot and cold food recommendations welcome. Got an hour to kill. Devil's Deli, for the future :) [Siempre](http://www.siemprebicyclecafe.com/) culis or bibi's Seconding Bibi's, but note that if it says a dish is spicy it actually means it. I honestly wasn't expecting that much cayenne in a dish served in Glasgow. Are low level trains now free in the morning? Ticket barriers are gone and there were no Scotrail robots selling tickets... Pretty much looks like it - just saves them on the hassle I suppose. I think they have put more conductors on the train however. Not complaining! Might just avoid the conductor in the morning and start walking home in the afternoon now the weather's getting better... If anyone reading this has time to get into the JD McPherson gig before he hits the stage, do it. His music is fantastic.  First here! Managed to get the Milngavie/Edinburgh train by the skin of my teeth. Quiet so far and Queen St lower level didn't seem too bad. Good luck to everyone commuting today. I'm west so went to Partick. Got there a bit early and the train is dead. I'm full blown not dealing with the nonsense that I'm sure is about to happen about 8 o'clock.  8.01 was late arriving, but seems normal... Wonder if people took today off expecting the nightmare that never came. I'm on the 7.16 Edinburgh train from Queen Street which originated in Milngavie. Was expecting overcrowding chaos when the train arrived in Queen Street...but only 4 people got on my carriage... Platform pretty dead. Surprised. Has everyone gone for the Cross Country from Central? Me! Train is dead, and it's only an hour trip so pretty cruisey. When I got to Haymarket in Edinburgh... It was very, very quiet. My office just as busy but the streets seem much quieter than usual. Have I missed a memo or something? Early Easter holidays for some? Yeah, Haymarket does seem a bit quieter today. Probably a lot of cheeky buggers going on an early Easter holiday to make best use of the long weekend. But as you say - my office seems just as busy (if not busier... someone stole my seat... the bastards) as usual. Was wondering that. Got the 7:19 from High Street to Edinburgh Park, I was the only person on the platform at High Street. Bet the M8 was rammed. M74 was deid for a Monday morning. Roads seem quiet generally aside from snarlups due to roadworks between Rutherglen and EK. There's no school holidays this week that I've missed is there? Long weekend at the end of the week, but they're not off right now apparently. Huh. Weird. I guess everyone heeded the apolocypitic warnings.  Got my bike back Saturday afternoon. Cracking day yesterday and we got out for a cycle.

Out to Luss, then we were like ah fuck it we'll go over to faslane (that road linking the two lochs is brutal) and then back down the coast via Helensburgh and back to Dumbarton and then Glasgow.

So good to have my bike back! Brutal is accurate to describe that road, it's absolutely terrifying (but fun) to drive as well. Yeah, there was an accident where a bike (I think) came off the road, a couple of miles from faslane at the bridge before the final climb up, before it's all downhill to faslane. (if that makes sense) 

We got there just as the police were closing the road and they kindly (very gladly  for us I must say) got us through  instead of sending us back. If we got there about 10-15mins later we would have had to turn back. Things haven't improved over the last few days and I am still anxious as all hell :(. 

On the plus side at least we have a stupid amount of trains per hour now.

Edit: everything went better than expected :) :) Adam Hills was hilarious last night. He's on again tonight, if anyone's got nothing to do I'd highly recommend getting down. In the crowd now! Fingers crossed! Have to buy a new retainer after losing mine in the abyss that is the garage last week.... Â£85 a jaw. Fuuuck. Still think I'm hungover from the football on Saturday. Thank fuck this week is only 4 days long.  Seems my 8:07 from Dumbarton has been axed, I knew about the Edinburgh changes but nothing was said about this...luckily I've managed to catch the train from Oban to Glasgow at 8:01 from Dumbarton I guess this will be my train for the foreseeable future. Train back to Milngavie at 5 to 5 absolutely rammed. Meant to leave the office earlier. Won't get to Partick til 6.20. Long day Did anyone else go to (Re)Imagining Glasgow at the GFT yesterday ?

Were you also a bit underwhelmed by what the film was, against  expectations.

Did the Angry architect have an agenda he was going to express anyway he could. What route do you think he took on his bike from the West End to the GFT that made him uncomfortable. 

The Art school  lecturer stood out a bit with his continued use of "tropes" and "patrician voice". He also got "avatar" in a few times.

The audience was a wee bit white/middle aged that doesnt really reflect Glasgow as it is, and will be going forward.

The Page/Park architect tried to emphasis the fancy work the company does but missed out a lot of the social housing.

Overall something to build on but the film is already dated as buildings used have been demolished ( Anderston flats etc ).
A film that used images from outside the City Centre would be a bit more adventurous. It wanted iconic images but didnt really show Glasgow. What about Springburn/Drumchapel/Scotstoun/Darnley

For some of the negative predictions none of the architects,planners and lecturers expressed awareness that they were the people who had been involved, getting paid and doing this work for many years. It was always someone elses fault.

 Out of curiosity, are the Anderston flats depicted the ones that were torn down in the 80s, or the ones torn down in the past few years?  The filming for the new bits all looked fairly recent , last year or so , right up to Nautical college tear down from the last couple of weeks. So i think the Anderston flats were the recent tear down. They had the view from the train in the playground over the view of  rubble at one point. Thanks. My dad grew up in Anderston in the 40s and 50s. Thought maybe there was some footage in there that might interest him, but those new flats were well past his time. I remember seeing them in 2007 and thinking they were fairly new; shocked that they have already been torn down. Was there something wrong with them?  Don't start my new job til Wednesday, really enjoying the time off. Went a bit mental with the spring cleaning yesterday, didn't realise how bogging some of our flat was / is. 

One of the unoccupied flats in our close has had a smoke alarm going off for about 24 hours now. We can't hear it but I feel really bad for their next door neighbours. The fire service couldn't get the door open and wouldn't go in through the window because the building is listed and they can't see any flames or smoke to justify the damage. The factors are useless so I don't see them having any luck getting in touch with the owners either. Oh, drama. Absent owners are the worst.  We had an unoccupied flat across from us where the smoke alarm started running out of battery, and so was beeping fairly loudly at random intervals. Our flat only joins our flat with my sisters room, resulting in her pretty much living with her now ex boyfriend or sleeping in the living room for a good 2-3 months.  In that time, the owner was pretty blaze about getting someone round to fix it, because they were in London and therefore couldn't be arsed.  It took threatening the fire brigade smashing the door (which would happen, my building isn't listed) before she conveniently sent someone round.

I can't imagine what it must be like in London at times, given the amount of foreign owned flats. I got a hold of the guy's number eventually and when he came out he was greeting about his slightly damaged door rather than apologising to his immediate neighbours about the smoke alarm going off for 30 solid hours. He was asking if I owned or rented, told him I was renting aff some absentee from Ireland who didny give a shite about the place and he went "a ha ha ha, aye there's a lot of us like that son." prick.

actual dee dee came out from the flat opposite though. pitch black, wrapped in a duvet, hair over the face like that "is that it gonnae stop noo?" didnt help he clearly hadnt slept all night haha. Hi everyone! Went to view a flat today near Pollokshields East train station (Forth Street to be exact), can anyone tell me if it's an ok area?? It seems nice, but a little run-down. > Forth Street

It does have a large Asian population, sort of like the east end of Viccy road from what I know. You aren't far from Pollokshaws/Nithsdale road for a decent selection of pubs (Bungo, Alison Arms etc). Folks who usually take queen street lower level trains- are they taking longer than usual, or are they running "normal".  I'd also like to piggy back on this comment to ask if the entrances are normal or if they've added extra bits, I saw on the news last night about 'holding areas' - I will be heading to the city centre later and when I come back it will be later at night so don't fancy arsing about trying to find the entrance and missing a train. Looks like its going to be a cracker of a day - got myself a new bike recently so thinking of going a ride outside Glasgow. Anyone have any decent route suggestions?

I'm starting from the west end, its just a normal bike though. Not a unicycle or a Penny-farthing. Jump onto the canal path and start heading to Loch Lomond. Even if you do go all the way it's a nice wee ride. Maybe stop at Dumbarton if you don't fancy the full trip.  My friend and I did this a few weeks ago. Went from Speirs Wharf to Balloch and had some lunch. Then cycled over to Drymen and back into Glasgow that way.  Is the canal path paved, or dirt track? a mixture of paved and slightly gravelly

I've done it loads of times on a pure road bike with no problems In the past I got myself all the way to the Erskin bridge then decide I'm going home. Only time I've done this we went all the way to balloch and then got the train back.  Ditto. A few of us did it with good intentions of making the round trip. Got to Balloch, stopped for food,got totally pissed, then train home. Was a good day. Absolutely starving, but I'm going to the Butterfly &amp; the Pig later and really, really don't want to spoil my appetite. =| I'm sure you could get away with a bit of toast at this time of the morning without spoiling your dinner. The boyfriend is working a 14hr shift so I'm trying to decide if an unwashed day of Family Guy binge watching is on the cards or I should actually get up and try to motivate myself into not being a lazy fuck (something I'm trying to over come recently)  I find even walking to a nice coffee shop, getting something to drink and then walking back is a nice task with a reward but also gets you out the house for 30 minutes - 1 hour.   I settled for a small amount of cleaning, a large amount of Seinfeld and I'm about to have my first coffee of the day. My rule is generally no coffee after 4pm so I'm guessing I'll be lurking all the subreddits at 3am later.  Fucked my IKEA storage unit. No idea how it's supposed to look. Thought it would all come as one piece with one instruction manual but it all comes separately with different manuals for each bit. Don't know if I should be putting on a drawer or a shelf.  Got a Cannibal Corpse picture disc arriving so I'm gonna sit on my arse and listen to that. First gig I ever went to was Cannibal Corpse. Still the most balls-out insane gig I've seen, and I've seen Slayer (where I got kicked in the head, go figure). Saw Slayer in November. I thought they were a wee bit shite. They were pretty shite when I saw them in 2006. Lamb of God and In Flames absolutely blew them out of the water.

That said, Raining Blood is always, *always* a beast of a live song. Try not to cum blood. That only happens when I'm fucked with a knife. Fair dos, getting blasted with a knife isnt exactly the right activity when listening to a record I suppose. > Today in Scottish History
Nothing, apparently!

Lazy bot bastard. Today is David Livingstone's birthday, for one thing. 

Happy 203rd big man.  Horrible clash of gigs tonight - do I see the 1975 or Little Mix?  Last time Little Mix played Glasgow they were at the Armadillo- I know this because I was seeing Nine Inch Nails at the Hydro and the audience overlap was hilarious. Today I woke up with the most horrendous crick in my neck - to the point where it was actually more comfortable to get up at 7.30 this morning rather than stay in bed.

My exam timetable has been put up as well, I have exams every day on 25-29th April, 4-6th May, one on the 9th and then for no fucking reason my last exam is on the 20th.

It's only 10am. It could be worse, mine are all in one week with one day having two exams on the most difficult courses on my timetable. On honors level. Sound Could be worse. It could be Monday. Going to see Tom Stade tonight, Im wary of getting passively stoned just by his presence. Horrendous week. Honestly can't will myself to do anything. Happens to the best of us all pal, no need to feel down about yourself. 

Just try and make a wee positive step and break the cycle! Thank you so much. Hopefully things will pick up soon :) Arrived at dental hospital for work/uni at 840 to find out some guy was running about nearby with a machete. 

Just missed the show but one of my pals saw him get tackled by 'hunners of polis'. 

Curious to get some back story from the news 

Edit:wasn't a machete was apparently meat cleavers. Never mind, shows over. 
http://stv.tv/news/west-central/1346964-man-armed-with-meat-cleavers-arrested-near-glasgow-school/ Mental, credit to the poli though. Thought it was weird to see a police van with about 4 officers inside, blues and twos at that time, turn up to Hill Street from Cambridge St.

Know that area pretty well as I've lived there my whole life. 

Kudos to the janies. Must have been terrifying to those involved Jesus wept. You need to be a special kind of mental to get up early to knife up the morning commuters. Chat around the lunch table is fucking horrific today. A colleague is telling anecdotes about his time in the navy, and every single one is about sex with prostitutes. Big grin on his face, he thinks it's dead funny.

Presently he is referring to a transexual sex worker as "it". What a cunt. Who thinks that's appropriate chat with colleagues?! Unfortunately, several of my colleagues seem to have no problem with it. Wish I had the stones to complain about it, but work is miserable enough as it is without bringing down the wrath of the people I have to see every day. Yeah it's not worth it since you need to spend so much time around them, unfortunately. All sailors apparently, Ive a mate who is exactly the same This guy sounds like an HR reps dream... If they didn't pay any attention when the (now promoted) team leader said to his girlfriend "I hope you get raped", this shit wouldn't even raise an eyebrow.

Honestly, makes me think I'm not cut out for life around other people. It's too fucking depressing. Those kind of people are for whom the phrase "did ye aye" was invented. Jerry Sadowitz is playing the kings theater tonight as well
 Anyone catching the train from Queen Street through to Edinburgh on Monday morning? Want a train buddy to alleviate the boredom?  I'm getting the 7.10 Mingavie/Edinburgh train from Partick fellow book lover! This apparently will get me there at 8.30 Does that go via Queen Street? I'm obviously not a local hehe    
ETA: I am thinking maybe catching the 0705 from Central instead due to the impending chaos at QS?? It goes to Queen Street lower level. The trains from Central tend to take longer, but I think all the trains are going to take longer anyway.  I heard 75 minutes... I have plans on Monday but am not sure what time I will be home! Yeah, they're going to be 75 minutes from Central or Queen Street! An opportunity to take up an improving hobby! Must get a macrame kit I am going to get back into cross-stitch myself! These weekly trips will be perfect :) First day of the train works, going to be a shit show! Shit, I start my new job in Edinburgh at a terrible time. Even driving will be worse than normal because people will be trying to avoid the trains. Yeah, driving is going to be hell and parking is already bad enough!

 Oh, I know. I am so very much looking forward to the >1hr journey! It's going to be fab! Especially as I'll have to do it at least twice a week from now on. It's fucking fucked, mate. I only do it once a month or so, this gives me a decent excuse to dodge it... But stuck with going over this Monday :(  Can't decide if it's better to go really early or just swan in late. That's all I was having to do, but now... weekly :(     
If you catch the 0717ish one hit me up and we can be grumpy early commuters together, drinking overpriced coffee and talking about the good ol' days (i.e. last week) when the train only took 45minutes. Don't suppose anyone knows if Trains down to Manchester are running normally again now? (so without that poxy replacement bus). Need to head down to Preston tomorrow for the footy and don't want to be late! Yep, line reopened end of Feb. Latest updates:
http://www.nationalrail.co.uk/service_disruptions/today.aspx I would suggest checking Network Rail or your train company. I am working in Edinburgh on Monday, the first day of the station closure. I plan to get the Milngavie train from Partick. I was told at Partick that I would have to get the 7.10 train to hope to get into Edinburgh for 8.30- brutal! That train is rough, takes you through every shitehole you've never wanted to visit. It's bad, but the one that departs from Helensburgh is even worse... Coatbridge Sunnyside! Plus, the trains will be heaving and there will be chaos at Queen Street.  Wolf Alice was gid last night, incase anyone was wondering. But my head is gowping. Too much crabbies - something I've never had before and might never have again. I saw them last year at the ABC. Sounded good, but they had absolutely nae stage banter and only played for ~45 minutes, which is a bit unacceptable for a headline act charging Â£15. Gutted, I only discovered they were actually playing last night. Drove along Alexandra Parade this morning only to be confronted with two fire engines, four cop cars and an ambulance. There were at least another three fire engines up Aberfoyle Street and a bunch more cop cars.

Fire in a flat, I assume, but does anyone know any more? http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-35830144 Cheers. Wasn't up when I posted. Into the toon, hame again. Just like that.  Up to run into work, the spring is definitely on its way. I've been considering jogging in to work too.

Bit worried that there isn't a shower facility. I'm the new one at work and don't want to be labelled as the clatty one so soon. Fuck that.  It wasn't too bad my bag was too heavy after a few miles I felt a bit shit. Spill the first bevvy of the day? Not a chance pal! I like Steamiebots's exclamation of Nothing, apparently!  I find it interesting that nothing has ever happened in Scottish history on this day, maybe it's because it's St Patrick's day and we are in the pub for that. Blame the BBC!

http://www.bbc.co.uk/scotland/history/onthisday/march/17 According to this website

http://www.rampantscotland.com/timeline/march.htm

March 17 1328 - Treaty of Edinburgh between King Robert I and Edward III which recognised Scotland's independence, ending the 30 years of Wars of Independence.

March 17 1473 - King James IV born.

March 17 1746 - Lord George Murray and Cluny Macpherson (chief of the clan) fell upon the Campbell militia posts in the Braes of Atholl, at the head of Strathtay, and wiped them out. A brilliant feat of arms, it aroused a blaze of Jacobite optimism.

March 17 1951 - The cartoon character "Dennis the Menace" appeared for the first time in the "Beano" comic.

March 17 1969 - Longhope lifeboat sank in the Pentland Firth with the loss of eight men on board, all from the small island of Hoy.

March 17 1984 - Scotland won Rugby "Grand Slam" at Murrayfield - the first time in 59 years.

March 17 1990 - Scotland beat England 13-7 at Murrayfield to win the rugby "Grand Slam".

Plenty of stuff then! Wish it was St. Paddy's day tomorrow instead so I could pretend to be Irish and get pissed on that shite they think is beer! Englishman slagging off Guiness in Glasgow....bold move lets see how it pans out. With everyone who disagrees with me coming to lynch me obviously... That's usually how reddit works anyway...

Side note, enjoy Defeater? Aye they were class, vocals were a bit quiet for all 4 bands though which is a shame. Not sure if the sound guy was having a bad day or if Cottiers ain't great for that kind of music.  Yeah I really enjoyed it, missed the first two came in for Breakeven. I think it was probably more the venue, it was a bit of a trade off in terms of crap sound but an amazing looking venue. 

Highlight had to be watching the annoying 'punk' guy with the mowhawk fall on his arse when trying to look cool. The countdown is on, how long til something off is reported about Paul Daniels? Everyone is too busy trying to fire into Debs. How old is she now? Past it?? Not in my mind, not in my mind... I'm pooing! Will update later with poo no 2.  What poo isnt a number 2? Pooception. Having to get trains this week with my bike in for it's service.  It's been 1 day and I miss my bike already! Winter commuting has fairly taken it's toll. New chain, cassette, pedals and bottom bracket required.  Took a stroll down Argyle street earlier and saw a wee guy getting huckled outside HMV as he was clearly on the rob (allegedly).  

In an era where everything on sale in that shop is easily illegally downloadable, this kid should really know better.  Handed in a course work yesterday after pulling an all-nighter then working till 4 yesterday. In work now after getting about 10 hours sleep over 3 days. To top it all off the course work was a pile of shite. Spent my night hugging the toilet and sink at the same time to avoid painting the bathroom from either orifice and if I wasn't being sick I was shaking pretty badly I really hope it's food poisoning and not a bug, As I can't be dealing with this from the wee man. At LEAST a dozen people in my work (including me) and a few in my wife's work have this awful cold/flu going on that's causing headaches, hot/cold flashes, and a terrible cough. 

So hopefully your thing isn't that :/ My Mrs is getting this too, hope she doesn't pass it to me! New flats being built down in Partick have totally fucked the view from the top of Gardner Street. 
This wouldn't happen in that London.  Partick? I think you mean 'outer hillhead', pal. Now that just need to replace that horrible quarter gil with a starbucks Horrendous Patter. Top of Gardner Street has a magnificent view. Was in a flat the other day where you could see right out to Eaglesham. Seeing Defeater in a Church tonight. That's a bloody weird venue for a hardcore show, should be cool though Also going, live really close so exited to go home in between bands. That's not very hardcore. Mate its a tuesday night, if I stay out past 8 I feel like Rodger Miret. Hardly worth going up the road for 20 minutes, even if you stayed across the road!

First hardcore show I've seen listed at Cottiers, wonder how it will go over...



 I was semi joking, although if support are not to my taste I might just have a few cans in the house with my mates till Defeater come on. Never been in it for a gig, only other thing I have seen listed there which appealed to me was Jim Adkins, will be interesting to see how it goes. Finally got approval for the flat! Hooray! This means I can now think about ... BOOK CLUB! Ladies, how do we want to organise this? We need to think about locations, frequency of meeting up, etc etc. I am up for this! Congratulations on the flat xx  Woohoo!  Well done for your flat. How about meeting once a month? Depending on where your flat is we could meet in the West End or town. Cafes might be okay with us meeting there if we buy coffee/drinks/food Once a month sounds good. My new place is right next to Paisley Canal station, happy for it to be held at mine if it's convenient for you all, otherwise anywhere in town suits me. Ladies /u/shmeepeas /u/cass210 how does this sound to you, and should we start a new thread, see who else wants to join us? My friend is also keen to join; she uses this sub off and on. Glasgow suits me, but we can see what suits everyone I think this sounds fun (I do enjoy reading but never have inspiration to find new books to read unless I'm off on a beach type holiday), I would say go for once a month.  I'm about to head into exam season for my Masters so I may not be able to do much over the next couple of months but once end of May arrives I should be a little more free to do stuff.  :) https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/77/31/95/773195c95e866db8dee71e21d00b444d.jpg Joined the new Gym on Bothwell street last week.  Went at 06:00 this morning to find my code wouldn't open the front door.  Just came into the office an hour and a half early.  I am beyond upset about this. So it's finished now? Let me know how it is once your code works. Went in at lunchtime. Loads of equipment and not all that busy. Was really quiet when I left at 13:45. Really good for the price.  Is it The Gym? Â£17? Or is it on offer still? I seen a sign up when they were building it. Yeah that's the place.  Sorry don't know the price now as I signed up for Â£10.99 a month with the offer.  Think there is a joining fee now that it's open. Signed up but yet to actually drag my fat arse there.

Any idea if they have WiFi? :) Sorry, never noticed. Only had my phone with me for the tunes.  Phone is running out of space, Was hoping to maybe use WiFi for Spotify or something Is that the Pure Gym? Just called the gym, not a pure gym.  The one on Bothwell St is The Gym. I go to Pure Gym in Bath St but hope to add the Hope St gym as my secondary gym as it is nearer to work. How many subscriptions do you have man?! With Pure Gym you can have your own gym and a secondary gym which is good if I'm working away from home (although I can't now use the Aberdeen gym as it's dearer than Glasgow)  Sounds a better deal than I have with Sports Direct anyway.

Also they just have one squat rack. That's 8 too few.  The Bath Street gym has just been refurbished with all new machines. Very basic, but I like it Just got another DPD tracker from my pal. Spying on delivery men is the future. DPD are the gold standard of courier delivery these days it seems. Had them once, and now everyone else seems even shiter than they already were. Aye they're unmatched. Order placed yesterday at 1pm for standard 2-5 day delivery, delivered at 10am the next morning.  I got a seat on the train today, what a miracle! Waiting on my courtesy car today. Happy to be getting wheels back but still fretting over the state of my own vehicle.  ooo Emmy the great. No idea she's playing, might go if it's not sold out. Signed onto Jobseeker's today. Felt a bit sorry for my advisor and her soulless eyes. [deleted] Actually I've got to go in tomorrow to tell her I've already got a temp job (well, trial work, but I'm getting paid), but it's under the weekly hours limit so she'll probably have to do more paperwork.

Or someone could just shoot me now. Found out I didnt get the job that I went for and really wanted. Gutted. Spicy wings update: I regretted all my decisions, had a bit of a cry, now feeling all better.

The worst part of it was sitting there, greetin from one super spicy chicken wing, and having my mate eat three and barely break into a sweat. Lost a few points of self respect there. Grimes was brilliant last night, so much energy I suspect she's nuclear powered.

Also went to the Sharmanka Kinetic Theatre yesterday, and I can't recommend it highly enough. A genuine piece of magic, and I'm cynical as fuck. 
>Also went to the Sharmanka Kinetic Theatre yesterday, and I can't recommend it highly enough. A genuine piece of magic, and I'm cynical as fuck.

I've been meaning to go to that for a while.  

How important is it to reserve a spot?

 It wasn't necessary when we went, but it was probably around 75% capacity. Couldn't hurt! Did you go to the long one or short one?  I've been to the short show where they don't play the ones in the room  thing but I've wondered if it'd be worth going.

Also, I saw his Millenium Clock at the National Museum in Edinburgh, I thought it was interesting. The short show. Got talking to the director afterwards, she took me up to see the control room- it's an amazing mixture of modern gear and 50s electromechanical technology.

I actually hadn't realised until afterwards he was the same artist as did the Millennium Clock, but it absolutely made sense when it clicked.  Having a shiter of a day. Was involved in a crash yesterday, my own fault, with another car. Trying to deal with the insurance etc. today as well as using trains again. I'm most annoyed at my own stupidity for getting myself into this mess. Fuck. Anyway, this is my Monday. Taps Afff! [Computer says no](http://www.taps-aff.co.uk/). Due to be about 14 degrees later today. Not sure what the taps aff threshold is.  i recon its 16 C I think that site goes from how warm it is now, so check later if you're keen to expose your milky white to the neighbours dog at lunchtime. Went out without a jumper today. Let's see how it goes.  Last week of teaching before exams.  I think I scared my neighbour with how cheery I was.

I also managed to oversleep which is unusual for me.

Tried curling yesterday which has resulted in bashed knees as I fell on the ice, but it was good fun!  I might try and find something nearby once the season starts again. Started my new job today, gutted to find out they don't have a kitchen for staff use. My days of microwaveable rice for lunch are over, gonna need to start taking in cold sandwiches :( At least I can go on Reddit here I guess, swings & roundabouts On the train to Edinburgh for work today. These seats were not designed for someone who is only 5'2.  They aren't designed for people who are 6'2 either mate haha  It's fucking fucked. I get off the train with a bad back every damn time! Shirt-lifting in the bogs will do that to a man.

Edit: Apparently ... Good thing I'm a woman... lol :) I'm 5'4 and the headrests are just too high; can't sit back as they catch the top of my head It's terrible isn't it! I feel like I should be bringing along a booster seat. 5'8" get it up the both of yous. At doctors office. Appointment is already 20 mins late. Off to a good start for the day.  College teachers start going on strike later this week, so guess the normal days off will now be work days until they get it sorted. My maw is a part of this strike, but when I ask her what she's going to do instead she keeps answering college work, which defeats the purpose of the strike. Working on helping the baby brother find some work to keep him going. It's not as straightforward as it could be as he's painfully shy and the job centre is awful. 

It's like they are going out their way to humiliate people. Need to hope he finds something soon so he he doesn't need to go back to those pricks.  Best of luck. It'll either be a bit cold or it'll be warm.  [Haven't had to use this end of the dial in a while!](http://i.imgur.com/FDbYl4N.jpg) In work listen to all the emo songs from when I was 14, I bet I was right ghoul. Still its a good wee nostalgia trip. I made up a playlist of all the great emo tunes I listened to when I was younger. It's good for a nostalgia trip or for those days when you feel like no one else really gets you. Get one in for Tune Of The Day tomorrow. Went to my first Pollok game in about 7 years. Quarter final of the Scottish cup against Kilbirnie Ladeside. Very entertaining stuff including some crowd trouble. How much are tickets? Keep meaning to go after going to a Queens Park game and being really disappointed with the atmosphere Â£6.  You can't beat the junior game for value for money. One of the best games I ever attended was Kilbirnie Ladeside v Johnston Borough - finished 4-4, there was a bench clearing brawl in the second half and 3 players were sent off. Magnificent entertainment. Was fucking lovely down Loch Lomond today...

http://imgur.com/SWE2nDI As a teuchter living in Glasgow, I just want to say "'Mon the Staggies."

Going to be a wild night in Dingwall, that's for sure. Machine Head were incredible last night! Made my shitty week worthwhile I want this to be a productive day, but I know I'm just going to sit and play videogames. Alas. 

I'm heading to the crafty pig later with some friends who want to try their hot wings challenge. I've done it before, so I'm in two minds whether to do it again, but it'll be fun do guide them on their simpsons-esque spice induced spirit journey.  Have you got the division yet?  Nah. It's not my cup of tea to be honest. Spent the afternoon decoding the ciphers in Fez and managed to 100% the game. I'm quietly proud of it.  What things did you see in your post-chicken wing and hallucination? In truth, I only licked the wing last time. I only got the edge of a hallucination, creeping up on the edge of my vision like dizziness when you stand up too fast. That's why I'm thinking of doing it again, so I can actually complete the challenge instead of just participating.  Actually surprised the two defining moments in Scottish history are there, Clydebank blitz and Dunblane.  Well my trampy neighbours started again last night another neighbour called the police I wrote a wordy email to housing associations that owns the building fat lot of good it will do. Up bright as a button might actually grab brunch today. Been meaning to try one of these wee places in Hynland, any recommendations (that's if I don't get stabbed on my way out the door)  Epicures does a decent brunch. Wear a tweed waistcoat and chinos and you'll blend right in! I don't know about Hyndland but the St Louis cafe bar at the Thornwood roundabout is fab Cool I can spit from my house to there, only been in once years back.  Great staff, good food, dog friendly. I really like it In town, who are the Hibees playing?

Also, did anyone see the deadpool guy posting in a seductive way near Buchanan subway? I didn't manage to read his notepad fully... Anyone see what it said? Ross County. League Cup Final.  I've only gotten 3 hours of sleep since we got home this morning. Grandad passed away last night, and his body ended up not taken away until around 1am. House felt really quiet without his moaning about everything. Didn't really have any good memories with him, but it's hitting way harder than I expected. I know he was in a lot of pain, so it was for the best, but I'm still properly hurting. This really isn't fun.  Wow, sorry to read that. Death is a strange thing, even when you know it's the most merciful thing that can happen to someone it inevitably still feels confusing and upsetting, but it's just human nature. 

Hope you and your family feel better soon and can remember the positives from his life.  Aye, thanks guys. Probably stupid to post about  it, but I guess I kind of needed to get some words down. He was a complete arse, and unpleasant to be around, but he was our 'unpleasant arse'. We still can't get a hold of his doctor, so he's being held at the funeral home. All a big clusterfuck, and I get to go look for a gun he supposedly had when I get over there. Did find my Great Grandadâ€™s Africa Star medal when I was over there though, which was cool. The air in the cottage is horrible, because of his heavy smoking. After leaving him at half 9 and his death, he smoked 3 20-deck packs of Superking cigarettes. How the fuck he survived to 80 is beyond me.  Sorry for your loss.  I think losing a relative is always hard, even if you didn't know them that well or even like them that much.  Unless they were an evil bastard, just the fact they were a presence in your life means it's a loss. Machine Head are playing tonight? Shite, never even realised :( Machine fucking head! can't wait! Im off to machine head. Think you still may be able to get a ticket. There were some when i checked two days ago Cheers dude, Ill have a wander down. Is that a Deep Purple tribute band? Aye mate, the best tune they covered was Beneath The Silt.

http://youtu.be/CuwD9hQ4-bc Deciding between Anomalisa vs The Witch for tonight's movie. Ended up going for the 8:30pm showing.

Just making dinner at the moment and spilt hot oil onto the base of the oven. Entire flat is cooked in smoke and steam :/! I really rate the Witch, check it for sure! Shame about he dinner fiasco  I started a high intensity work out class yesterday. Was so sore last night. Today I can't stand up from the toilet.  Hot Indian food and a night on the Guiness do that to me. Bet yer ring-piece is like the space shuttle's nose on re-entry! Saw C2C, got excited (for the sake of their old stuff), then realised it's not the DJ crew. Meh. I did exactly the same. Gutted. Everytime I see Propaganda in that list for a brief second I think Proaghandi are playing and I get exited, then I remember this happens once a week and feel bad. Same. Any good punk bands playing soon?  Going to see Refused in a few weeks, not sure what my expectations are at this point, I just hope they dont lean on the new album to0 much. Scooter are still a thing? And big enough to play the academy? I'll give Bridge Street a wide berth tonight it'll be full of roasters. New trainers wet tiles outside BHS .Slipped and only my rucksack kept me from cracking my head. To top it off 2 really nice people helped me up and I almost started to cry from the fright I'd had. Massive riddy Sue o2 are useless cunts. That is all. I use giffgaff (who use O2 network) and I read on /r/askuk or /r/unitedkingdom  that someone had shit download speeds on 4G using O2, when they moved to Three the 4G speed shot up.

I thought they were all much of a much-ness, but my 4G speed isn't that great to be honest, but fuck loads better than 3G. The speeds are fine. I sent my phone away to get fixed, the said they would replace it, they sent me a broken phone, then they forgot to send me the replacement for that. Now that i finally have a phone again this one is broken as well. Sick of having my time wasted with it. Not a fan of giffgaff since the price hike for unlimited data. i'm glad it's friday but i've got a freelance job to finish over the weekend that i really can't be arsed with. i started off the year thinking if i work 60-70 hour weeks for a year i can put myself in a good position to buy a house or something next year but it's barely into march and i'm already 100% burnt oot. i've got a week off before i start my new job a week on wednesday - hopefully i can wrap a bunch of stuff up before then and properly relax. Get some smart drugs and crack on. i've been thinking aobut that for a while because my focus is shoite. any suggestions? Ritalin where do you just pick up ritalin? You dont, you can get it though, if you want to Sorry no, but if you find some good ones then please share! Burn out is terrible, I would work on pulling those work hours back. No use owning a house if you just end up rucking in a corner muttering about deadlines. yeah. i meant to save up rather than forever. the thinking was that i could stick it for a year to put down a deposit then either freelance full time or stick to the 9-5, depending what happens. but aye, need to get a break. Yeah I know how you feel, although I tend not to do so many crazy hours I am guilty of just not taking days off and auto piloting through weekends for periods of time, its usually not till I take some time off I realise how burned out I was. Went to Robot Wars today... was kinda meh.

No bad for a freebie mind! Alright Glasgow, where the good pizza at? Tried at least a half dozen places and each is worse than the last. Tonights pizza - the base is fucking crunchy, and completely not worth the pain I'll be in tomorrow from the Gluten. Fuck this shit pizza. Sarti's http://www.eveningtimes.co.uk/lifestyle/14337401.Glasgow_s_best_slice_revealed_after_first_ever_pizza_week_takes_place/ > Paesano
> Firebird
> Pizza Magic

Firebird def do GF, maybe Paesano as well.

Firebird are on deliveroo, but I recomend sitting in.
 Side are you on? It's been tipping it down all day and my house isn't as waterproof as I would have hoped for. I'm curious as to who everyone sees about ALL THE TIME despite not knowing them, a la Limmy: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MQ737jR0-8Q

Mine are:

* Cool dressed middle age man - I think he must live near me but I've come across him in town and on the train once or twice.

* Man in green kilt with collie.  I spot this guy all about the west end, and even bumped into him on the West Highland Railway on the train.

* Old lady with lights on zimmer, goes for her shopping pretty much every day along Great Western Road to Anniesland Morrisons.  She seems fairly old so the fact she walks from around Byres Road is impressive.  She must really hate Morrisons in Partick.

* Black man with umbrella.  He's always heading to Byres Road.  Again, probably lives nearby but I spot him more than my neighbours in my close at times.

I'm a nosy bastard. There's a few in West end, guy that's mid  to late 50s NHS specs, cords or grey troosers, and a short jacket also sometime cord, long grey hair. Used to call him "where's walter" cos he literally would turn up everywhere. No seen him in months (might be deid, although I bet I see him the morra) 

Wee Asian (Chinese) with a dulex dug and no dog lead starting to see him everywhere. 

I know the kilty guy no seen him in ages (I moved from central Partick further West to broomhill so a bit oot the way) 

 I see the chinese guy every morning. He either jogs alongside it or strolls along, the dog is amazing. Aye me too always at same time on my way to work it's so calm. Especially considering its always near busy roads.  I got a bit put off him one night when the dog didn't obey him and he proper fuckin' whacked it.  Fuck. Anyone. That hits a pet that isn't, like, jaw deep in a toddler I love that dog- see him about all the time. I used to work as a PR for a nightclub in town and you'd always see the kilt guy stoating around. Also saw him (minus dog) in the cathouse at Halloween once The old man on a mobility scooter with Rangers hat on that goes up and down Dumbarton Road with a fag in his mouth. He's nearly run me down outside Cash Converters on multiple occasions.  I've chatted to the guy with the collie. Good guy, but spends most his days drinking by the looks of it. I used to see him every weekend in the dog friendly pubs round the west end (the primary, inn deep etc), ordering pints of Guinness and drinking them by himself. It looks a bit lonely, but he seems happy. 
>* Man in green kilt with collie.  I spot this guy all about the west end, and even bumped into him on the West Highland Railway on the train.

I see this guy a lot too.

Also there is the mentally ill old woman who is around finnieston / kelvingrove area asks for change for the bus and tells you her dead husband used to be in the masonic lodge

 Is she about 3foot and looks like a gremlin? If it's her, her names Sharon she just blooters it in the Bookies and has a bus pass.  Aye that's her I see the same people on my way to and from work every day:

* Fake Moby
* Bald worky who always walks right in the middle of the pavement and makes me walk around him
* Tall skinny office worker who is always late and has to do a funny skip/ jog
* Old guy who's jacket is too big for him so it looks like he doesn't have any hands > Fake Moby

Candleriggs / King Street? Seen your man with the collie loads as well, although to be fair he kinda stands out. 

Also saw him neck 4 pints of Guinness in about 45 minutes outside the Primary/Old Schoolhouse/Hogshead/whatever the fuck it's called on Woodlands rd. Dug wasn't drinking.  I do wonder what he does considering he's always wearing a kilt and always with his dog.  

I can't imagine drinking that much Guiness in 45 minutes.  Boke. Is he a formal dog-walker? I don't think so, unless he's a formal dog walker of exclusively collies. Full-time west end dandy, I'm guessing. What's that big fucking yellow thing in the sky? Are you near a McDonalds? I just want to finish work and go for a pint. Rental agency has come back that a guarantor is required. How am I supposed to have a guarantor that is UK based when I have only been in the UK for 12 months, and Glasgow for 3? Guess I'll be looking at Flatshare.  The only way I have managed to get a flat in this country has been by paying 6 months upfront to these shitey agencies.

Makes me feel like a queen at the end of not paying rent for 6 months, but the first two months are grim as fuck. Try private lets, i've got my last three flats on gumtree I'm just going to flatshare for the next six months, save monies, etc etc. Bleh. I'd just keep looking. Places tried that with me or wanted an insane amount of money up front to get a place. I just kept looking until I found a place that didn't. I am just so over it at this point, I'm just going to flatshare for 6 months, and then try again. Mate had a similar issue, got a flat in Partick on Gumtree in the end. Rental agencies are cunts, it's a universal truth. This is true. I'm just back on gumtree looking at Flatshare. Probably best for my wallet. Isn't it strange how the word "agent" is synonymous with "Cunt"?!

* Employment/recruitment agent
* Estate agent
* Rental/lettings agent

I'm sure there are more but I can't be arsed.


 Agents (football) also cunts "I'm Special Cunt Fox Mulder and this is my partner, Special Cunt Dana Scully."

"Good to meet you, Cunts." What a pair or cunts eh! Some cunt booted the wing mirror off my car and stabbed a couple of holes in the soft top (it's a convertible)

Needless to say I'm fucking raging. Thats shithouse, where was it parked? There's a secure car park built into the building I live in, so it was probably someone who lives in the building.

It doubly pisses me off because I've only had the thing two weeks - haven't even got the papers from DVLA in my own name yet! What kinda car? Mazda MX5.
(Don't happen to know a scrappy that'll have a wing mirror for one, do you?) Check ebay for parts like that. Not much point trying to find parts at the scrappy when people strip cars and put the parts on the bay all the time. Cheers - this is what I did earlier today. Spent a while phoning round a few places with no luck so decided to just get one from Ebay.

I'm not exactly the most technical of folks so hopefully the act of fitting it isn't too difficult! I'll bet there's a guide on how to do it step by step on a mazda forum or such. Nightmare I wonder how many other people suggested Paul Weller for the tune. I went with Wild Wood. While we're on the subject of the tune of the day, remember that the youtube link needs to be within the body of the message.

I've seen a few submissions with the link in the subject line; Steamiebot won't pick up on them. I've never had a tune of the day, I think I am doing it wrong. You've not requested one in a while though. Fewer people send in requests now so yours will be more likely to be picked (they're picked at random from the day's suggestions). I'll keep my fingers crossed for tomorrow then  That's odd. About half what the bot plays is mine. (All the old rock and metal). I thought it was because no-one else submitted. About a third of the submissions from the last week are yours. We do normally get a couple of suggestions a day. Thankfully after last weeks scare I am not knocked up. Hurrah. 

 YES! I think a vino is required for the sake of celebration! [Congrats!](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/YehaE3A) Thankfully it wasn't as messy as that. Holyshit am awake! Yeah it's my first day off in 7 days and I wake up at half 7, fuck this. I'm gonna stare at my phone til I sleep again. Lovely day outside. If you're in work why not take a stroll on your lunch break to one of Glasgow's many park areas? If you don't work, why not take a stroll to the offie, buy a bottle of Omega cider and take it to one of Glasgow's many park areas?  Day of dreams!
 Too right mate, too right.  I have figured out how to manipulate my schedule this week to get a free dinner every day until Sunday. :\^) I remember working in a hotel during summers at uni, and specifically scheduling myself in for shifts from 1000-1800. 

The hotel served staff a free breakfast at 0900, a free lunch at 1300 and free dinner at 1800. So by coming in 30 min early I could snag the leftovers from breakfast, and get my other two meals free each day. Also meant I had something of a sleep in each morning, and finished in time to still do stuff at night. Good times. Walked to work this morning because it's so lovely out. Gonna go for a walk at lunch as well I reckon! 

Shame work's tedious but can't have it all Frightened Rabbit were excellent last night, but a 50 minute set for Â£20 definitely left a bad taste in the mouth. Even in small 'secret' gigs like that bands of a certain size still need paid.  Not so much them, but their stage crew and back end team all still need paid regardless if it's the Art School or the Hydro... That is probably why it was so dear rather than any sort of nebulous mean spirited cash grab. I totally get that but at a full priced gig I want a full gig. We got one (admittedly very good) band doing half a set with no support. Did feel a bit stung. Hmm, no support is a bit cheap.

Weird, well it's good for folk to see them in a smaller venue I suppose :) What was that about? set ended and everyone just stood waiting for the "its going to happen" encore, right up till the roadies started taking the mics away.

What they played was spectacular, even the new stuff sounded great but jesus man that was a bit of a pisstake with the set length for a band on their fifth album. Thats fucking Teuchters for ye Found out of my my close friends passed away over the weekend. Feeling like part of my heart is missing.  Fuck I'm so sorry. ðŸ’œ ðŸ’œðŸ’œðŸ’œ :( I'm so sorry Sorry for your loss. Anyone else hate the "The City That Never Sobers Up" Tag on this page? Not that I am opposed in anyway to the odd pint or two but I get really bored of the whole self deprecating "wee drink so much because its cold and pish" chat that people use about Glasgow.   Aye, a wee bit. Any suggestions for a change? Had a look about and it seems every other major city has it pretty generic IE just the city name or "City name: News, Events Etc" 

Even the funniest joke will get old in the that tab heading I would just leave it as "Glasgow" Glasgow- we're better. Glasgow: at least youre not in Edinburgh. I don't know, ill have a think when am sober. Nah, I like it It's like listening to a really bad comedian tell the same unfunny joke 99999999999999999999999 times. In work early to catch up on some things because I procrastinated a lot yesterday... and I'm already on reddit. Shit.  I'm trying to fix this problem through modern chemistry right now. So far it's been interesting.  You're not alone..... We're getting ripped on /r/Scotland that the best picture anyone can find of Glasgow is this. 

https://i.imgur.com/5IPxFGP.jpg Makes a change from the usual 20 posts a day still greetin' about the referendum.  So what, it's full of fucking bawbags Frightened Rabbit at the art school tonight. Can't fucking wait. Well jealous. 50 minute set for 20 quid, don't feel too jealous  Ditto, well excited. That'll be excellent. Enjoy. Had no idea about this. :(

But a new album soon means it won't be long till they are back in a bigger venue. It was a secret show that was leaked on PopCop twitter last week. Sold out almost immediately afterwards.  I was reading the thread with the guy asking about SAD and getting thru the dark winters and was quite surprised by the number of people who said they have special lighting to combat the winter blues. Does it make that much of a difference? I mean obviously I should strongly consider getting back into exercising to combat the (minor) mood swings but, yknow, any sort of hint at a quick fix.... I love my SAD light and feel it has made a big difference to me. I use it at night but I think it is meant to be used first thing. This winter has definitely been easier than last winter. The sun has been out a lot but my doctor said that the sun isn't strong enough to top up the vitamin D levels. Works for me Don't use one all the time, but I've got one for waking up. It gets steadily brighter over about half an hour then the alarm goes off. Much nicer than waking up to the pitch black over winter. I'll give you mine. If you'd like. I'm moving soon anyways Was reading that myself, thought it was quite interesting seeing some different takes on our shite weather.

I've lived here all my life so I guess since that's all I know, the pishing rain and wind just feels like the norm.  yeah. I think the link between getting pished aw the time and it being dark all winter seems plausible. Then again when it's nice at summer I take the first excuse to be like "time to find a pub with a beer gairden!" personally i don't really mind the wind and the cold, it's the rain I hate. mostly because I wear glasses and I can't see shit when there's water being blown into them full pelt. pretty sure i'd be happier with the weather if i stopped being a little bitch and got some contact lenses or laser eye surgery, but it freaks me right oot. I've spent two winters here in the UK now and haven't needed any special lighting. That being said, I think I have reverse SAD (I know I know, no such thing) because I tend to get more depressed in Summer, and is one of the main reasons I left AU. I know what you mean. I tend to hide away during the summer and feel more alive when autumn is in full pelt. I've not tried one, I think it's hit and miss.  You could always buy one from Amazon and use it for a few weeks then return it?  Personally, even if it's not sunny I try and get out a walk every day even if it's pishing down. Shameless plug: if you can still get tickets, come to Great Scottish Beer Celebration on the weekend! 

Last festival of the 4 festivals in 3 weeks hell, signifying the return of my regular working hours and weekends. Yassss.  Tried for tickets the other day and the only session left is Friday afternoon which is no good when yer stuck in work until 5pm Got to Waitrose to pick up my free coffee and wandered over to the second machine to find it was empty.  It's amazing how little things can cheer you up when you're tired.

I got one of those Frank Green reusable coffee cups for my birthday, so now every time I get coffee I feel dead cool every time I hand it over. I got one of these for free. How much do they usually cost? When I was looking it up, around Â£15? Ah, I'd have thought they'd be more as they're pretty good. I rarely use mine though. >  Frank Green

Any good?  Was looking at them as I've just been using a keepcup for a few years and it's now not clicking tight. I've loved it so far!  It's not much more heat insulating than a normal cup but I tend to drink stuff right away.  Not had issues with leaking either in my bag which is the main reason for buying it.

However, you will need to get familiar with how much you can fill it as due to the lid structure you have less space than a normal cup.   I've had a few over spills due to this. Been humming and hawing over getting one for a while now. But just bought one there.

They don't spill in a bag and they look badass, good enough for me.  The colour range is pretty cool!  Mine is purple with a light green button on the top.

The green is the colour of lime polos if you can remember those. Huh, apparently Leona Lewis is still a thing. I just noticed that the Art Store on Queen Street appears to have closed down. Feeling a bit sad about it.  Weird, noticed their shop up at the Art School was shut as well last night. The mrs bought me a new rug for my absolutely baltic bedroom the other day. Got it down last night and ended up rolling about on it like a cat for a good hour.  Long term girlfriend and i broke up this weekend, feels pretty final. Monday morning mission = just get through monday at work.

Edit: Thanks for the messages, i'm not sure if it's fortunate or unfortunate that i've been in this position before - I suppose it happens to people everyday and i'm as guilty as anyone as just thinking 'oh well, life goes on' but fuck, when its happening to you it hurts big time.

At 30, I've already done the whole 'just smash the drink and everything that moves' in the past. Doesn't work for me. 

Switch brain off for a while. One day at a time. Eat well. Excercise. (then the hardest one) Let time pass. Google "No more mr nice guy pdf", download, read. 

Edit: The title of the book is provocative, but it's goal is not to turn you in to a woman hating asshole. Read it if you want, don't if you don't. I was just trying to be helpful. Hmm. Having skim-read this, it seems rather /r/theredpill -esque.  I can assure you I'm not an advocate of red pill nor would I recommend a book which promoted such misogyny.

I would suggest doing more than skim reading it before casting judgement. Maybe its not for everyone, but I found it illuminating and it has certainly allowed me to identify some of my shortcomings which were amongst other things, contributing to my wife's depression and anxiety issues as well as my own.
 Breakups always bring out the worst advice in people. Presuming this is the book?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_More_Mr._Nice_Guy_(book)

Looks harmless from the description. At the risk of sounding big headed I may be the kind of guy who may benefit from such a book. Sorry to hear :( Sorry to hear that man. Went/going through the same thing myself, it's rough. Surround yourself with friends if you can and just do what you gotta do to get through. Hang in there and feel free to message me if you want to chat/vent. Harsh times man. You'll get through it, we all do. Just have a ridiculous amount of coffee and that'll be a good starting point. sorry to hear that, man.  Nae good.

Focus on work, delete social media, join the gym, start reading a big fucking book at night instead of drinking. Drank far too much wine, watered up before bed, woke up hangover free, but 2 hours late for work. Oops. Still probably more productive than working with a killer hangover. That Glasgow/Giffnock Rock Choir fair get about. God I swear one day this week I will wake up at a reasonable time. I love my bed to much. I'm still surprised I woke up at the right time this morning despite stopping my alarm instead of snoozing it. Lunchtime sounds reasonable to me. I'm looking for a new job with specific hours: 1pm - 2pm with an hours lunch. Any ideas? Dole? Aye, some folks would deem that a job. You mean get paid to do fuck all? Sounds like the staff at the job centre. Chin up! Her loss mate.  Plenty of fish in the  sea :)  > Plenty of fish

Get on a dating site and get your hole a few times. Everyone who uses a dating site these days needs to be familiar with the term [Catfishing](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=catfish) and what it means.

Also, if something seems too good to be true, it usually is. You could find the hot slim brunette is really an overweight bearded russian mafia guy getting *his hole*, through your wallet. Something you want to tell us? Bad experience? Nah, no bad experiences. I used online dating about 15 years back before all the shylock motherfuckers got onto it trying to scam lonely people. I have heard since that its a bit of a minefield now trying to work out if people are genuine or not.  *Here's the Urban Dictionary definition of* [***catfish***](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=catfish) : 

---

>A [catfish](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=catfish) is someone who pretends to be someone they're not using Facebook or other social media to create false identities, particularly to pursue deceptive online romances.


---

_Did you hear how Dave got totally catfished last month?! The [fox](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=fox) he thought he was talking to turned out to be a [pervy](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=pervy) guy from San Diego!_



_or_



_I was really falling for that [gorgeous](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=gorgeous) gal on Facebook, but she turned out to be a catfish._


---

[^(about)](http://www.reddit.com/r/autourbanbot/wiki/index) ^| [^(flag for glitch)](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/autourbanbot&subject=bot%20glitch&message=%0Acontext:https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/49b26a/the_steamie_monday_7_march_2016/d0qnasl) ^| ^(**Summon**: urbanbot, what is something?) So sorry to hear that. PM me if you want to vent Good start to the day - rubbed my eye after cutting up Scotch bonnet peppers for my other half's breakfast. Woops... Good god who eats those for breakfast? I would guess that when you're at the point in life where you're eating that level of hot for breakfast, everything you eat would taste bland without them in every meal. Off to see Postmodern Jukebox tonight. Pretty excited. I've never been to an actual gig before (not including pals bands playing in pubs). I went to see them a few years ago when they first played here. It was such a fun night.  Me too! I'm proper glamming up for it.  I was going to, but I've got family from out of town down for it, so I've gone for practical doing tourist things clothes. That was absolutely amazing!! Fantastic! How did they keep that energy up?! Got 2 retro consoles yesterday going to take them apart and clean them today as they are pretty disgusting whist listening to podcasts.  A solid Sunday for me. Think we can add football games to the what's on? So I know not to try and leave the house. Any cunt know what the Polis incident was on Dumbarton Road outside of Blue Dog last night was about?  Saw someone lying on the road, dunno if it was a car accident or what.  It looked like there was a bike on the ground as well when I walked past.  Is Blue Dog not in the town? Aye a meant BrewDog ya dick.  I was just checking- Dumbarton road is pretty long. Might've been new. My boyfriend was there last night, says an older guy got hit by a car. He only seen the aftermath so didn't see how serious it was, just that there was a crowd.  Fucksake. Cheers hen.  My bus got diverted down Wellington St and then drove along Ingram St before f=going down the High Street. It's the 2 so it usually goes up Queen St then back on to Argyll St. Diversions in place. anyone know why? Went to out in Edinburgh last night and ended up staying out until 6am, so glad I don't have work tomorrow as I passed out and slept till 9pm the moment I got back to Glasgow. F'ing hell. I hate living in a city. 

Left the blinds open last night, but someone in the house across the street has 50+" TV which lights up my bedroom. Got up, shut the blinds, back to bed... 

Someone was throwing up in the street like crazy, so I got up again and just watched a drunken soul trying to get back home... 

And just before I fell asleep again, a group of teenagers had a music playing on their phones and were singing quite loud. 

Gonna be grumpy today. Or am I just getting older?  Playing a music? Those scallywags. Double Glazing. I keep my windows open all year round lol  Well, I don't know what you are expecting then! :) Ear plugs mate.  Took the other half to the Buchanan Galleries so she could buy clothes. Fuck me, it's a dreadful place. Wish I'd stayed in the car! went to Drygate for food last night - it's really good, would recommend.  I went the week before and it was really nice, for the beers on offer it was very well priced and I love the smell of the beer being made reminds me of the old distilleries in Dumbarton. Planning on trying it today on recommendation from this sub! Great tune today! Thanks! Definitely not been repeatedly checking the thread to see if anyone commented on it... Off to see Robot Wars!  Let us know how it is! Pretty good craic so far. Some lulls between scraps, but the MC is decent. I'm in the cattle tent at the moment, hope we're not waiting around for too long. Give us a wave!  [deleted] So by paragraph two you've turned into the impatient arsehole you were complaining about in paragraph one?  What a gig last night at the Barrowlands. Sea shanties, Fray Bentos pies, a ten second rave and a giant rubber duck.

And that was just Alestorm. Sabaton were ridiculously good and had the crowd going before they walked onto the stage. Playing The Final Countdown as walk-on music will do that, I guess. Best walk on music at a gig, for me, was Reuben coming onto the red dwarf theme. The beginning organ music bit. Outstanding.  Yeah that gig was amazing, The conga line when Sabaton was playing was ridiculous. Got to admit, in all the years of going to gigs, that was a new one for me. TIL what is a Conga Line.  I have seen them couple times on some festivals and Sabaton always have a good show. Joakim has a way with the crowd. Plus they always have something local. The paintings here, in Czech he spoke Czech, just great. And the Final Countdown, I think that is their signature opening now :-D Great experience yesterday. I must admit, the camo kilts and facepaint were a nice touch. Yeah, funny how the facepaint was running down his neck after first song in. That is probably why he was off stage so often.  Don't forget "Gie us a go of yer crocodile." That kid at the end of the show looked like he wanted to cry, but what a first gig for that lad. I loved it when they starting chanting his name. Judging by the look on Joakim's face, so did the band. Man looked stunned. They genuinely looked like they were having a good time. Been feeling nauseous all week, my dear mother has given me the fear that I am up the duff. Slightly tetchy weekend incoming.  Good luck either way. You may just be stressed, eaten something bad (mild food poisoning can last a few days), or have a tummy bug. Sometimes the flu can cause nauseousness also. Wide awake at 7am for no reason.  This is so not me.  

Should probably get up soon.

Also if anyone has some Edinburgh bar recommendations hit me up, I'm staying there for the weekend. Banshees or Whistlebinkies, both excellent pubs.  Hollyrood 9A / Red Squirrel / The Southern (same owners) always have a decent selection of beers on draft. I work in Edinburgh but don't go drinking there enough. Here's my brief list of suggestions:

* Cambridge Bar
* The Guildford Arms
* Hanging Bat
* OX184 <-- was in here last week it was awesome. The Blue Blazer and Jolly Judge to start, then a move to Bannerman's and the Banshee Labyrinth. Then on to the Art College for The Egg and dancing to Northern soul. The only bar I've been to in Edinburgh was a gay bar. (Planet? Maybe? Not CC Blooms, anyway, but nearby.) Planet, CCs, Habana and GHQ are all a quality night out! Aye, I had fun in Planet (it was during one of the Festivals), though I had to leave to get the 1am-ish bus back to Glasgow. I should spend a proper gay night in Edinburgh at some point, though I fear I'm too old for most gay clubbing now at 28. I always found those places to be really inclusive. You'd be a long way off being the oldest in the room! Waverly station, train to Queen Street Decided to patch going to Robot Wars today based on what I've heard from folk that have been. 

Anyone got any good ideas for what I can do with my afternoon off? What did you end up doing? Does anyone regularly catch the train from Glasgow to Edinburgh for work? I want a train buddy. I've been doing it for years... Love it as it happens... I've got 5 kids and a (sometimes) stressful job... This way I get a bit of "me" time... Read the papers on my phone, iplayer, Amazon (you can download stuff on that), books, kindle... Smashing. Ouch, brutal commute. Why brutal? Because Edinburgh Yeah, I guess. It's only two days a week and work pays for it though. Mouth still really sore. Waiting for the antibiotics to kick in ... Would've been my old man's 71st birthday. Think I'll have a dram tonight for him. I cannot fucking wait to see Sabaton and Alestorm tonight. Same here! Are Bloodbound still playing as well?  As far as I know. FUCK!!!!!!!! I hope there are still tickets left. I've been looking forward to this more than any concert I've been to recently. Alestorm alone are going to get the crowd hot, but with Sabaton following them up?

They may just beat Priest in my book for the best Barrowlands show. The acoustics at the Barrowlands is perfect for Alestorm as well. As is the price of booze. Clicking on the Tune of the day and going down an 80's rabbit hole thanks to the suggestions side bar. What a start to my day off. First time my choice has been picked by SteamieBot! I'm the king of rock and roll, completely! The agency just contacted me about the flat I am in love with and they're going to process my application! Fingers crossed! Good luck! Where is it? I checked with a friend last night to see if she needed a flatmate as her flat is gorgeous. She will be looking for a flatmate in a couple of months. So it doesn't work out you can let me kow... Paisley Canal, so I am hoping they're not too fussy with tenants given I'm only temping and have only been in the country a few months!  I know Paisley Canal so I don't think they will be too fussy! Lets hope you can move soon and we can start the book group! The second I am settled in, the book club will be organised, don't you worry! Can't wait! Not ashamed to admit it, I love that tune! Has anyone gone on the Tennents brewery tour? Is it any good? I've heard it's good, shame the beer is shite. Eh, I'd take a pint of Tennents over a pint of Fosters/Carling/Stellberg. For an affordable pilsner-type lager, it's not too bad. Agreed! A wee pint of Tennents now and again is a frugal treat! See if I've had a day at work that's nearly burst me, my body aches and I'm tired, the taste is like God's sweat on my tongue. Aye, it's worth doing. Yeah, I've went on it - it's pretty good.  You'll see what you'd expect really, touch/taste/feel the hops/barley etc.  Then a tour of the factory floor, up and down wee walkways and stairs - they do bottling/canning for all sorts of beers (Stella, Tesco own brand etc as well as their own).  Then they end it off with a pint in a wee pub inside the factory only for suppliers etc which looks amazing (like a dark wooden Bon Accord or Sloans) - definitely not the sort of place you expect to find inside an industrial area. Definitely sounds good. Think I might just do it,  just need to convince my mate.  How is Scooter still a thing? Seen posters up all over the shop.  Had a tooth out on Friday and the socket is now infected. Got antibiotics and taking co codamol. Cancelled plans for tonight. The pain is really girny.Face tripping me Ouch. Coco Damol is my stripper name. With her sister Dihydra Codeine I'm on my third day of unemployment (redundancy) and feeling a bit lost. Tried to be a bit productive this morning learning some maths on Khan Academy, but I think I'll go back to playing PS4 for the rest of the day. What field are you looking for work in? [deleted] Gotcha.  If it's nice and dry the next few days maybe spend some time outdoors during day and play some ps4 at night?  Fresh air is good for you and all that.
 Make sure you get out of the house for at least half an hour a day. Just pop down the street for a walk.

It will help keep your head in a good place.

Hope you find a job soon. I've been given up for some time now, but for the last week or so I've really fancied buying a pack of baccy. I've been giving myself the usual justifications- just for when I fancy it, one every now and then- but I'm kidding myself. Haven't given in yet!

Weird thing is, last time I had a smoke I found it utterly rank and felt pretty ill afterwards, so it's not like there's any physical addiction or appeal there anymore- it's purely my brain being a dick. Plus if I come home reeking of fags, MrsFox will put my heid through the wa'. It will pass with time. After I gave up if I saw someone on the telly smoking, I'd subconsciously inhale deep when they took a drag. This was especially the case after a few scoops.

12 years since I quit now. June or July 2014 for me, though I've smoked socially since, which probably doesn't help matters. It really worms its way into your psyche- I suppose that's why so many ex-smokers move the other way and become emphatically anti-smoking. Social smoking is difficult to dodge esp when a pint and a smoke go so well together. Thankfully pubs being smoke free makes it easier IMO unless you have friends who still smoke outside, then notsomuch. You feel like a bit of a tit standing alone in the pub while yer mates pop out for a tab.

I'm no anti-smoking as I dislike that hypocrisy myself, but you do become aware of the anti-social aspects of smoking like walking through someone elses plume of smoke in the street or the smell of fags on someones breath and/or clothes after they have just put one out. Quite a few posts from this sub end up reposted on yon Facebook pages "restore George square" and "Glasgow history" and a few others. So I take it whoever runs them visits here. Anyone feel like coming out? Well, it's not me. Yashin....so painful thats still a thing. Day 13.

First day at home, I think the hospital gave me the wrong baby home as this one behaves very different from the previous 8 days.

Instead of happy content and quite he is grumpy miserable hungry and loud.


Sleep required. > Instead of happy content and quite he is grumpy miserable hungry and loud.

This is training for when he's a teenager. Just in time for Mothers Day! So since we have all became rather invested in the life of this child are we all going for a pint on day 6570?

Also congrats I've not said it yet. It was my birthday yesterday, and - due to a combination of a worrying amount of maturity and the fact I'm now quite a lightweight - I've woken up the day after NOT hungover for the first post-birthday in about 14 years. 

It's different. I like it.  Happy belated! Thank you, kind sir/madam.  I thought there was supposed to be snow!? :( Saw a car in traffic with snow on it this morning, no idea where it had come from though. East Kilbride. Toronto. Someone clearly took me up on my offer.  I'm in [Toronto](http://toronto.ctvnews.ca/flights-cancelled-crashes-reported-after-toronto-snowstorm-1.2800270). If you want some, you're more than welcome to come and remove it. Because of how terrible furnished flats tend to be, I've decided to just try and find a flatshare, save money, and then get my own place in 6 months.     
Anyone know anyone with a room available? I'm super nice, I swear! Does Glasgow do a council tax holiday in February and March? My usual CT has not been deducted. Ya fucking dancer! That has just increased my available funds for the rest of this month by 50%!  I'm going to see Joanna Newsom tonight! I think. I definitely bought tickets. I just can't find them. I'm hoping I just clicked to collect them at the box office.

My life is one long emotional rollercoaster. If you can't find them, my 1992 Fiesta has a dodgy fan belt and I'll let you listen to it for a tenner an hour Found them! Well, they were at the box office and I'm a moron. That fan belt does sound appealing though... Joanna Newsome is in Glasgow? FUCKKKK 

I didn't know. :( I'm not a huge Joanna Newsom fan but [this cover](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Canqkml8fMM) is absolutely ethereal.

And there's [a cairn between Renfrew and Paisley](http://c8.alamy.com/comp/DACTAM/cairn-in-the-town-of-paisley-in-renfrewshire-marking-where-princess-DACTAM.jpg) marking the spot where Marjorie Bruce was thrown from her horse. I love seeing little glimpses into the past like that, especially when there's now a mundane B&Q neighbouring the spot. Day 12.


Discharge paper work has been signed, Sadly she still has to come to the hospital daily for checkups.

However it is time to take my son home. Lousy Smarch weather. Currently at a Premier Inn in Manchester. Waiting on a taxi to the airport to fly to Antigua for my mates wedding. I'll miss ye Glasgow. Tell you what, two 12 hour days then an 8 hour ordeal to get back to glasgow, followed by two days of commuting from Glasgow to Tweedbank does not a happy and we'll rested person make. Pretty sure the entire shebang gave the boyfriend the flu and I still have social burnout and the lurgy from chatting to hunners  of folk in London. 

But hey, free freshly bottled beer and I have the day off on Friday to go see Robot Wars so the world isn't all bad.  Applied for 5 different jobs and Im done with trying to convince people just how fucking awesome I am. Cardinal Beaton sounds like a right cunt.  Checking out more rentals this week. Hate this whole process, it's just so unnecessarily stressful. I've just gone through all that, looking for a 1-2 bed in the west end.

Having now done it twice successfully (by this I mean, got the flat I wanted both times even with a lot of competition) in 2 years my top tips are:

* Set up instant email alerts on all the major rental websites (S1, RightMove, Zoopla) for new flats matching your criteria
* Go on the 3 sites every morning and every afternoon.
* If you see one you like **phone** (NOT email) immediately and ask for a viewing.
* Take the first viewing possible as flats are normally taken by the first people or group viewing to see them.  Get out of work if possible to go to the viewing.
* Be professional when you show up to the viewing, if there's competition for the flat your personal presentation will go a long way. Ask a lot of questions, get to know the person showing the flat.
* Don't have a pet. Doing all of this! I have four viewings this week, two today. Have all the information they could request available electronically, so just have to complete their form then email them the information. I have moved far too many times in the past 13 months (moving countries twice, leases ending abruptly due to properties being sold, etc etc) and I just want stability. So tired of moving. Anyone going to the Sabaton concert on Thursday in Barrowland? 

How is the venue? 

EDIT: Realised it is only Tuesday today.  > Sabaton

Err, it's on Thursday, not tomorrow mate. Damn, my bad, I am day ahead, haha.  Best venue in the world. Seen someone on the train this morning in their pyjamas. Standard. I've seen folk in Mc D's and the supermarket in PJ's but not the train. A new level of class right there. What if it's the sleeper train? Just got my Batman v Superman IMAX tickets booked, odd that the Science Centre doesn't have midnight screenings going whilst the Renfrew Street Cineworld does... Isn't the Cineworld IMAX just a booking front end for the GSC? ...might be talking nonsense. It's run independently by the managers of Renfrew Street. Park nearby and walk up to it, that car park is a fucking nightmare at the science centre.  Seen star wars at xmas, 40 mins to get out of the car park.  1 barrier and the worst exit route you can think of. Had a tooth out on Friday and my mouth is still gouting. May have a dry socket Back to the dentist tomorrow. Speaking of gouting- what happened to the old Scottish word of the day? I got lazy and nobody took over.  Day 10.

Still up at the hospital.

They have switched my misses Antibiotics as the infection she has isn't treated with what was they were giving her for the last 3/4 days. What a waste of time that was.

Hopefully get home before the 2 week mark. Oh gosh, this sounds awful! Hope you all make it home soon! I've always wanted to comment in the Steamie but never know what to say...do I just talk shite? I know what you mean, I never have anything very exciting to report.   Just do what everyone else does and complain about trains, the weather and beggars. Well....I had a free train journey today, sat in the sun (!) with a coffee, and Anniesland had no beggars today. It's been a suspiciously moan-free day Did you beg for that train journey? You'll need to up your game there, bit of moaning goes down well. Shit neighbours? Both shite and bollocks are acceptable. There was a bunch of kids having an empty in the close across the back from me last night, I don't know what caused 30/40 of them to exit sharp and to start trashing the close at 12:30, guess their party got shut down... Wee dicks. What's with all the random title-only posts?  I thought I'd be a fanny and make the beggars post to mimic the sudden ridiculous amount of beggar related posts. Good idea.  Thank you Lazy breakfast with the cats and the Archers omnibus, now a gentle drive down to the borders to see my maw for her birthday. Gonnae see my pal and take a look at his busted generator while I'm down there as well. Love a good Sunday! Day 9 of the Baby Saga

Baby is now 5 days and is getting his first bath.

The hospital have him down as being bathed 5 days ago.

I'm at the point of boredom where I just want to see how much equipment I can fit into my bag and walk out with.

Perhaps the goal is my son, Or maybe someone else's baby? Perhaps even a member of staff. I called First Bus about the electronic signage on the bus stops. I got a letter today to say that they are being upgraded and will be up and running later in the year. Swift response to my query. The first bus android app is actually pretty decent. There is an option to search for bus stops on the map and they will tell you the times the next bus is due.

Much easier than trying to use the journey planner feature. Thanks I will have a look. Aye but the issue is it just tells you the schedule, Not how long it will actually be for the bus to show up as the buses here are not tracked. Unlike those Edinburgh buses. Fancy pants. Upgraded from never accurate to nearly accurate sometimes? Went and got a bag of rolls from the local shop. Took it home, and discovered that they'd put two crispy rolls at the top of the bag, but underneath? Three soft rolls.

Fucking livid. What's the world coming to? they've done you a favour mate. I'd be more pissed off at the 5 rolls in a bag. 4 or 6 only. Five seems to be more and more common now. It's weird. Some cunt ends up with a doubler while everyone else gets two rolls. Love being off work. So fucking great. 'Amen' to that mate! Yesterday's beggar thread is currently at 154 posts and counting. I'm suprised there hasn't been a wave of offence washing in from /r/Scotland to be honest, some of the stuff in that thread is pretty controversial. The people running scams in the city centre will probably have made a killing over the last couple of days, as some apologists will feel guilty after reading that thread. It's a wee bit of a shitshow, that thread, but to be honest I didn't see anything that really shocked me. But I used to frequent /r/ukpolitics, so I've got a strong resiliance for horrible people. I'd like to think the lack of complaining is due to the majority realising that you can be open minded with generally left-wing values on a day to day basis and still get aggrieved at obvious criminal abuses, even if they're  being perpetrated by a minority.

Obviously there will still be cries of racism thrown straight over comments that are deserving of it or not, because that's what ignorant people do in the days when political affiliations and dogma have replaced religion as the main way for people to define their lives.

Or then again I could just be speaking complete bollocks because I'm hungry. I don't think there's anyone here claiming there isn't a problem, the open/close-mindedness left/right wing racism etc only comes out when people think they have a workable solution.

The Roma issue has existed in pretty much every European country (EU, EEA or otherwise) for nigh on a thousand years, it's just new to us. If there were a simple solution, someone would have found it by now (well, excluding that one). Blue Lagoon at central went on fire I think. Glasgow centrals all smoky and the whole area stinks. I just saw fire engines at the front.  [Yep.](http://news.stv.tv/west-central/1344424-fire-crews-in-attendance-at-busy-chip-shop-in-central-glasgow/)

Personally, I think it's all the grease in the shop. Blue Lagoon made the only sausage supper I ever binned because it was too greasy even for me. I drank a Blue Lagoon supper once too. It was fucking rubbish. On fire again?! Pretty sure I've seen stories of it going up in flames before... Aye I'm sure it was closed for a while about three years ago because of a fire. Unlucky! Or they are brassic and needed some insurance cash again?  Anyone know of anywhere in the city center where I can print and scan some forms? GoMA Ended up going down to Rutherglen library but I'll bare that in mind next time I need to do it in the city center, thanks :) My Mrs is Ill yet still wants to shop. Today is going to last forever. Brutal, make sure you have some decent games on your phone. Got the job I interviewed for on Tuesday doubles my salary so I'm pretty stoked! Can't wait to tell my boss I'm quitting on Monday morning :D Well done! Where did you used to work so I can apply. Thompsons Solicitors on Bath Street, its a dull job doing filing for 13.5k a year wouldn't be so bad if you were allowed to use the internet or have your phone on you. Got the job through an agency, if you want their details send me a PM and I'll send it over congrats man! Well done pal!  Should we do like a pool or something on how many threads about beggars we'll get today? The odds on /r/glasgowbeggars are pretty tasty. There are too many threads about foreign beggars in the sub, I blame the EU for this injustice.  Aye, what's with that? Are we being brigaded? I don't think so, it's just a topic lots of people have strong feelings about. 8 days since admission to the hospital and we are still here.

Baby's 4 days old. Ouch!  Hopefully Mother and child will get out over the weekend. Just waiting on her at this point, She had a bit of an infection so waiting on it going. Nae good, hope all is well soon! > Stillmarillion

It's not often a tribute band's name makes me genuinely giggle. Well done them. Wot? A J R R Tolkien tribute band? A tribute to one of the least mainstream bands to come from the UK, Marillion. They started out life as *Silmarillion* but they changed it to prevent the lawyers from kicking them in the balls.

It's basically prog-rock that turned up to the party so late (1979) everybody else (Genesis, Yes and so on) had fucked off to the AOR afterparty. I got a new job. I am glad. The place I work just now has some of the worst imaginable morale. Are they looking to fill your position... I don't think so. They don't have a lot of money. Probably be glad of the savings. Well done :) thanks! Either a call centre or an oil company - am I correct? Fortunately no! Just as miserable though. I work in the office of an online retailer. When things aren't going well, everybody gets it in the neck. But the bosses are not good at motivational chat, it's more like fear. Folk get disappeared, haha. They've been making folk redundant so it was time to bail. It's the freakin' weekend baby I'm gonnae have me some fun! Am through in Edinburgh the last few nights I got the hotel on a Groupon deal, and so did half of Glasgow, place is crawling with glaswegians with bottles of prosecco and afternoon tea. SEND THEM HOME [deleted] They're clearly economic migrants, leeching unearned prosecco and afternoon tea from hard-working east coast families.

I swear I saw one the other day, asking people on North Bridge street for a vanilla slice when he clearly had a cream horn sticking out his back pocket. This is pure injustice. Maybe leaving the EU wouldn't be so bad after all. Those bastard pastry beggars are ruining Glasgows city streets! On the other hand, ongoing EU membership greatly reduces the import duty on danish pastries and french patisserie.

It's a minefield, I tell you. Mike Stern is playing the Royal Conservatoire at 1pm today as well. I was due to have root canal work done at the dentist first thing. He decided to pull it instead and put a bridge on it later. Result! (Possibly) No hot drinks until tomorrow. Coffee first thing. Had the job I interviewed for on Tuesday call me back to ask about if I was okay on the salary (double what I earn in this job I've just started) saying "we're just finalising the offer", should hear back before the end of the week but I'm still super anxious that for whatever reason I won't get it. I just want the offer to hurry up in writing so I can hand in my notice at this place as I can't stand this job I'm in now, fingers crossed I can do so tomorrow! Good luck mate! How exciting!!! Good luck! Fingers crossed the offer hits your inbox soon! Currently in London pre-Craft Beer Rising, got a bit too tipsy last night and plan to do the same tonight and then it's two 12 hour days of pure chaos with 150 other breweries. I just hope the lovely sign I made for the top of our bar made it in one piece. 


Obviously we miss you a bit, Glasgow.  Sounds like a decent Thursday! Which brewery are you representing? Tempest Brewing Co :)  Got Springsteen tickets sorted. In a fucking great mood even if I'm now skint for March haha... Why do they put these things on sale at 9am monday to friday? It's not as if people with money (aka jobs) are free at those times.

Got my tickets despite being at work. Will be my 3rd time seeing him live. What are the odds of getting a ticket off a tour on the day? Live 5 minutes walk from Hampden so debating heading down 30 minutes before Bruce comes on and seeing if I can blag a cheap ticket, did it for Foos at Wembley a few years back and managed one for 30 quid Honestly no idea pal. This will be my first time seeing him so no idea what it's like but if you live so close, may as well chance it!  Both female kittens are going in for their fixing operation today. Seems a bit brutal, though it's the best thing to do for health. At the moment they're just raging about not having any breakfast. 

One of them went on the rag for first time on valentines day, which was quite festive. Yowling and mewling like crazy all night, crawling about showing us her arse. Tried to give her a hot water bottle as that works for me, but it was a poor substitute for the shag she clearly wasn't getting. This is the best comment I've ever read! Making the train journey home from Leeds after a seven hour meeting much more bearable. Just going to read it over and over until I roll into central. Xx  This made me snort/laugh (is there a word for that?) far too loudly. My boss just looked at me oddly. Snorting a line of ching at work will always get odd looks from the gaffer. 

Take it to the bogs like the rest of us have to. "Bibbity, what are you laughing at??"  
"Cat periods"  
"..." That read like a paragraph from a watered down Irvine Welsh novel. Irvine Welsh wishes he was edgy enough to be writing about cat periods. Out on a walk. Where am I?
http://imgur.com/RDYTxhY I was going to guess the avenues in Scotstoun but if you zoom in on the crest it shows the buildings from 1904 and say Lanarkshire and that probably rules out anywhere in the Glasgow boundaries so I'm going to guess Rutherglen somewhere. 

Can't quite read the text on the door saying the entrance is closed and to go round to 'xxxxx Street'. Looked like Yale or Yate Street but no buildings like that I can think of on Yate Street. 

 It's within Glasgow's boundaries and is currently used by army. Amazing catch on the Lanarkshire crest, depending on your local army knowledge it might help. TA building up near Maryhill/North Woodside?  Well in man That's it. Good game, I'm going to keep an eye out for buildings today while I'm out and about!  Put it on tomorrow's steamie post Job I was meant to be going on today for the next month has just been cancelled. Not sure how to feel, glad for the time off but would also like some money, ye know? 

As an aside, anyone recommend a gym? Used to be a Glasgow Club member and go to the Emirates. Would go back but the gym there is a bit shit for being such a modern place. Checked out a property at 1400. Submitted application at 1450.      
"Sorry, someone else submitted an application 30 minutes ago... we'll let you know if their references fall through?"     
Motherfuckers. This has happend to me countless times, once it was 15mins This is my first time renting in the UK, and first time checking out a place, so lesson learned - have paperwork ready prior to attending inspection and handover as soon as I like the place. BAM. Managed to pick up a collectors edition of Fallout 4 cheap on Amazon of all places. If you fancy it for Â£22.99 with the artbook and soundtrack get fired in.  Did a 0700 to 2230 shift yesterday in order to be able to get back for a funeral this morning - that was a long drive! Aiming to be in work for 7.30. Too early.  And my hair dryer just broke. Unsure of next actions.  Do you have a fan oven? This thought did cross my mind! Ended up just letting it air dry.  It would have made for a good headline. 

Best you didn't try it though eh?! Messy Top Bun. This is my solution for all hair woes. Forgot to wash it? MTB. Wet hair? MTB. Too much product? MTB. Running late? MTB. Sex hair? MTB. Can't find a brush/comb? MTB. My hair is only just long enough to get into a pony tail and even when it was longer, it's so thin that MTBs just look ridiculous.  You know those claw clippy things? I use those and it creates the illusion of a bun, or mock-French bun, with a few bobbypins thrown in for extra measure (my hair is an inch or so above my shoulders). Maybe that will work?     
Oh, and fine hair in a MTB: if you use a smallish one of those claw clippy things, underneath the MTB, it pushes it up and creates volume/size. Remove all hair for maximum drying efficiency. I'm 30 today :( Happy Birthday!! 30 is a great age to be - it all gets better from here. As a 32 year old, I guarantee it. It all went downhill for me. Im glad you Yinned my Yang. No euphemism. Oh trust me, uphill battle, and it's only just levelled itself out. Have had a lot of fun along the way though. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FECOPVDWu60 Try being 52! I think I'm the oldest person in this sub...certainly the only one on here on Saturday nights :-( Happy birthday. Don't be sad to be 30 though, I'm 32 on Tuesday and so far my 30's have been way better than the 20's. Enjoy it :) Happy birthday! Happy Birthday! Happy birthday! As someone with six months on you, I can confirm that life begins at 30. Aside from when your willy falls off. Nobody warned me about that. 30 is peak, enjoy it!  All downhill in a few years... Happy Birthday, hope your dog got you something nice & waterproof! Thanks everyone! Made my day cheers!  Well, happy birthday. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vj91yi5NOsE) Haven't seen that in years! Thanks I've sent it to my brother (he's also 30 today) You're welcome!  Woke up thinking it was Thursday. That's me on a downer for the day Hey, could be worse...like...you know, Tuesday!  Day aff,  got a new hair cut and colour today. Pretty damn chuffed with it, so not my usual sleep til 4pm Wednesday.  My pal gave me the link to their parcel tracking on DPD, and I've never felt more in control of watching over a box travel around Glasgow.

#i can see you fraser *Fraser is parked in a layby getting a BJ from a hairy truck driver from Stevenage. You are drop number 32. He is currently at drop number 35* Witnessing a bitch fight take place via email. It looks as thought someone WANTS to get fired. It's fascinating. Redact those names and get it uploaded! I wish, but I value my job and I am the only other person in the email exchange, so.. you know... Take a duckfaced selfie to show us your brand new pink lipstick, make sure the screen is visible. We'll do the rest.  I advocate this (and tell us what lipstick it is whilst you're at it). The Gym people on Bothwell Street can fuck off. You've been here since new year. It's a street full of offices with the same people every week. I know there's a fucking gym opening. Smart arse comments like "time to stop making excuses" are not going to make me sign up. Some cunt tried to stop me in the street by saying "You there, with the big smile on your face" on his pishy English accent. Promptly told him to get tae fuck as he was in the middle of his next sentence "You were caught on CCTV..."

I don't know what he was selling but as soon as I saw his speccy wrinkly old bastard face I wanted fuck all to do with him. you sound hard as fuck...that was him telt My story telling was embellished. In reality I walked down the street in tears :( I think basically qualification #1 for a job like that is "High insufferability" Whomever chose the tune of the day, hats off to you. I've heard that song sampled a lot but never heard the original. It's a classic. absolute shiter, you can't be serious whomever You're welcome. I had it in my head all Monday! I always thought it was a Roxy Music tune. TIL! Got arrested for drinking in on my walk home from a house party back in October and finally heard back from the police that I'm not getting charged (though it'll show up on any CRB checks that happen which isn't great) They sent the letter down to my English address though as thats what my ID had on it, mum wasn't too impressed finding out! Got arrested for drinking in on my walk home from a house party back in October and finally heard back from the police that I'm not getting charged (though it'll show up on any CRB checks that happen which isn't great) They sent the letter down to my English address though as thats what my ID had on it, mum wasn't too impressed finding out! I wouldnt worry about the CRB, ive been done for drinking in the street loads of times and its never showed up on my Disclosure.
Although Ive always just got spot fines, never properly arrested for it Again?! Eh?

Edit: Didn't realise that has posted twice? Weird! He is probably too drunk to notice he posted it twice.  or he didn't learn his lesson the first time. Let's play a game. [Where am I?](http://i.imgur.com/6qnbRVB.jpg) reddit. You are here ; https://goo.gl/maps/r7EA8hbbLkB2 Bang on! [Round 2: where am I now?](http://i.imgur.com/IrMlAZH.jpg) You are here ; https://goo.gl/maps/AbYmn3vhE4P2 [Where is this building site?](http://i.imgur.com/w1IGAt6.jpg) Just about here  ?: https://goo.gl/maps/XZ4dNZcKRjt Beat you to it ;) do i really need to turn notifications back on . damn it. :)

The Anderston church roof gives it away. You can maybe answer a question if you are there. Are the hippo statues still there or were they moved for the demo work  I didn't see them, so I assume they've been shifted. Don't trust me though, I drive around with my heid up my arse. Are you here-ish? 

https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@55.86251,-4.2785236,3a,75y,103.01h,83.42t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sOAe_CCfSP4Y5aI26jRky7A!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 [I've tried to make this one as difficult as possible.](http://i.imgur.com/QXO5dmV.jpg) I don't have an answer for you yet, but I thought I'd join in. Here's an easy one: http://i.imgur.com/90BGTj8.jpg

Edit: https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@55.8599259,-4.276511,3a,75y,359.19h,84.15t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s-RvH2RYF48OfD4uMO5xvqw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656

Easy. Try not to show your GPS in the next photo ;) Oh for fucks sake, haha! That is 145 Albion Street, I think! Aye.  You are somewhere over there that street view cant get to; https://goo.gl/maps/zhA7d6oJcDK2 Exactly right. The photo was taken from here: http://i.imgur.com/n6riXAi.jpg Pretty much exactly right! Round 3 goes to /u/timlardner! Round 4 to follow. Good effort. Anyone know what that building actually is? Round 3 to follow... Ministry of Defence building, you are probably on a watch list now. Ha! Well, now I know! Aye, it's an army office.

It's a popular myth that the windows are slanted to make them bomb proof (somehow).  I know someone who worked there for a while for the MOD. According to him the building is designed in such a way that it would collapse in on itself if it was bombed. Could just be another myth.  I thought it might've shared an architect with that bank up on Charing Cross. Interesting factoid, that slanty window myth, cheers! The building is designed to reduce traffic noise from outside and to provide shading on the windows.

Source: worked for the MoD and there's a notice board in the canteen explaining the history of the building which I've read countless times while having a morning roll. Aye. For anyone else, this link gives a bit of history on the building: http://www.theglasgowstory.com/image/?inum=TGSA05135 You're standing on a road Looking forward to the footie tonight! Also looking forward to it. I quite like Arsenal so Ill be a bit unhappy seeing them get beaten 4-0. I'm an arsenal fan myself, hoping for a draw... Watching CL or actually playing like, I don't know, fives?  Watching! Arsenal - Barca and Juventus - Bayern should be great. Gutted these two games are at the same time, leaning towards watching Barca because the football they are capable of is so good to watch Last time I played fives, I played with a skelp of guys my mate knew. I was breathing out my arsehole within five minutes and was beyond fucked at the end of the hour. It was only then he told me a load of them played for Rangers and Celtic reserve/youth teams. Dick. Looks like something nasty just happened where the road crosses Buchanan St next to Sainsburys - taped off, lots of police and ambulances, and a bus stopped aside a pile of clothes. Another elderly pedestrian stepping out into traffic? Oh shit, is that what happened? My bus got diverted and all I could see was the police blocking it off. That's awful :( I have no idea what happened, I'm just guessing from what I saw, if anyone was hurt they were long away to the hospital. When I passed later the police were surveying the scene, which implies some kind of serious accident.

edit: woman hit by bus http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-35642854 Yeah, when I passed there was a police theodolite and barrier tape. And a uniformed guy pouring liquid out of a high-tech bucket onto what I presume was a blood stain. [deleted] Yeah, like Argyle St the pedestrian area isn't clearly delimited and people often wander straight into the road when it's busy.

After years of living in Glasgow, I still often cross that one without looking properly in both directions, I still subconsciously think it's one-way. Think there's a lot of tech people here; how seriously would you take recruiters who find you on LinkedIn and give you a phone?  He didn't mention anything specific, just seemed to be the opportunity to discuss job opportunities in Edinburgh. Was this just a voicemail or is that all that came from a conversation? Voicemail! [deleted] Naah I've not yet, maybe tomorrow.  Has made me realise that I should get on it soonish. ps good luck...take it you're open to something to something new if mentioning it on here so wishing you positive things It really depends, how well qualified are you? Are you in a sector where headhunting is common etc? It does happen for sure, most people I know it has happened with are pretty niche or customer driven. I'm currently doing an IT conversion Masters.  The only thing I have on my profile is that I'm interested in software development opportunities in Java. Most likely an agency trying to get you on their books in that case. Linked in is rife with that. The worst case scenario is you get sent for a few job interviews for positions to which you are unsuited - the best case scenario is you get a highly-paid Java dev job for when you graduate.

As long as it's not a totally dodgy outfit using you to pad your numbers, I'd go with it if you don't yet have a job lined up. Or take the active approach, and try and sign up with reputable agencies now.

Obviously if they ask for money tell them where to go. Thanks for your advice, I shall drop the guy a phone call and seek further information. Started a new job today and its shite. Not allowed to use the internet on my PC even on my lunch break and I'm stuck alone in a filing room for most of the daym got a telephone interview tomorrow lunchtime for a job which pays twice as much so really hoping I get that! Fuck, nothing worse than no net access during working hours. Good luck on your phone interview!! Apparently having no internet makes you do more work.

I'm off the theory that treating your employees like humans will make them do more work, but that's just me. Do you work for accountants? They're usually of that insane opinion.     
I work faster and more efficiently when I know I have internet access, so I can get back to being online and being lazy af. Nah, a bank. 

Our access is pretty open. Social media and YouTube is blocked but not a lot else. When I worked at another bank we could even go on YouTube. To be fair, I'm sure restricted access is more from a security point of view. Intranet is a lot safer in comparison, seeing as you can't receive email from people outwith, which saves IT the trouble of reimaging from a cryptolocker or a malicious virus that's accessed documents it shouldn't have. This is a law firm I'm at. Tbh the recruiter sort of mis-sold what the job  was to me, I was under the impression it was a desk based admin role but its basically just doing the filing for those who are doing the admin roles. I don't mind dealing with files a bit but all day is tedious as fuck. Paper filing systems are complete arse. I had to do data entry for a (company) for a wee while and that was soul crushingly sad. 

Personally I do think employers should allow their employees access to the Internet, but some cunt would fuck it up for everyone by doing stuff he shouldn't or rather not doing stuff he should. You know what it's like. Aye, especially as these files are so fucking massive and in no real order. Really hoping I get this other job as I don't want to stay in this one too long for the sake of my sanity (and bank balance, salary is pish) Discovered I'd left my wallet and train pass at home AFTER I'd cycled the 15k into Queen Street this morning... Idiot. However, manged to use Apple Pay to get  a ticket and thus will still get to work... Hooray? You'll just have a hungry day then  Loads of shops accept contactless (and therefore Apple Pay). He/she won't have to go hungry. If your workmates won't lend you a fiver for lunch you need new workmates.  First one in the office at nearly quarter past 9. It's quiet today. You can say you've been there since 7. Early day! Good point. I'll be leaving at 3 then! So, did you? Nah, but I have spent upwards of 2 hours on reddit today so... First one! Am working in Edinburgh today and the 7.45 train is now the 8.00 train. Workies arrived at 8am to start putting in the new kitchen, I'm going to hideout in my room and try get some uni work done. It's been a beautiful morning, hope it continues I look stoned today. Not a good look for a corporate office.  A cheeky line of charlie will sort you out pal! Just going to bed after working 0500 - 1730, Jesus Christ. Will probably repeat this on Wednesday. A load of threads have appeared from nowhere. I sort by 'new' and the top 5 range from 4 days ago to yesterday. 2 of them have 1 comment each, posted today, and the others have none. Day 4 of the Baby Saga. 

6am is a stupid time to start doing shit at the hospital. 

3 hours sleep is not enough. Worth it though. Jees oh if I was your SO I'd just want it out at this point. Oh she does. She wanted it out 4 days ago. Just think about how much sleep you'll get after it pops oot. That's just mean.  Went and bought a lunchable for some nostalgia yesterday. They're still shite, but I'll be damned if I didn't enjoy that processed ham and cheese concoction. Holy shit! They still make them? What type was it? Pizza? Hotdogs? Burger? Just the normal cheese, ham, biscuits one. I've only ever had the pizza one out of those three, I've never seen the other two though. Good wee day out so it was. But that mystery meat is so slimy, that makes me upset just thinking about it. Beauty is pain mate. Just found out one of my local shops does McGhee rolls and not Mortons. Why would you do that? Just why? Surely everyone prefers Mortons crispy rolls to the floppy dry mess of McGhees?  mortons crispy rolls are shite There's another clue to who I am, Mark. Think Shawlands and rolls. Fucked it. I don't know anyone from Shawlands. I've never been to Shawlands. I will never go to Shawlands. Unless you're my girlfriend, who keeps going on about moving to the south side. But we were both asleep 47 minutes ago. No no no. I'm not from Shawlands. Shawlands and rolls. The bakery. Seconded, it's like eating razor wire at times. 

BTW if you microwave them for 10 seconds or so they go soft. I was sceptical at first but it damn well works.  Take that back ya swine! Given that if you buy them after 12pm they will burst your gums. But it's the rill of Kings!  Soft roll team repping. I can't take back my statement in good faith. The guys working on the water main were out until gone 10 last night. Rather them than me. There's still a massive hole in Onslow Drive. So far today all I've seen is one guy looking at the hole and spraying white lines on the road that hasn't yet been dug up. Think this is going to run and run for the next few days Dennistoun people!

My toilet is making a horrible noise every time it flushes as well. At least it works. Yeah Onslow was a nightmare yesterday. :( I'm slightly east of onslow drive so our water hasn't been off fortunately, but it is really rank today. Moreso than usual, that is. They guys out there fixing the water main will be on a pretty penny for standby call out and nightshift. Don't feel sorry for them I wish it was me !! Working in Orkney and Caithness this week, Monday to Wednesday. Yassss...  doing what? Water pipe assessment site work in Orkney and geotechnical testing in Caithness. I'm not actually that bothered, as I've been almost exclusively in the office for a few weeks now, so it's nice to get out and about. Back at work for the first time since the 9th tonight, and really can't be fucked. However it's quiet, so I'm just sitting binging Blue Mountain State on Netflix. Should get it finished, and get Rise of Thadland watched before the end of the shift. I suppose I'm best getting ready to go to the royal for the third day in a row, Hopefully by tonight there will be a baby this time. Anticipatory congratulations, its a girl! Looks like baby's not coming till Sunday at the earliest.

It's going to be a long weekend up here. That'll be the rain on. I see our resident clandestine downvoting brigade is hard at work again. Some people are weird. Fuck the rain. Honesty, fuck it. 

Off to see Aliens at the IMAX tonight. Spoiler: They come out of the goddamned walls Off to the other halves grans birthday lunch this afternoon then out for beers with my mates after it can't wait. Ach, it's the auld yin's birthday, invite her out for a bevvy with the boys as well. Going on a date tonight for the first time in 5 years, we're just heading into town for drinks and would appreciate any suggestions on where to go.  McDonald's  Go dogging, you're guaranteed your hole, so is your date even if they not into you. The upstairs bar at Gandolfi in the merchant city is a nice place to go romancing Howling Wolf on Bath St is fairly cheap, decent tunes, plenty of seats but busy enough that any silences won't be too awkward. Tip top mate  Burst water pipe on Onslow Drive in dennistoun, streets surrounding water is off.. asked how long it will take and they don't know :\ They're right near my flat still making an awful racket at 19:15! I've got water at least.

Getting a parking spot returning from my work was murder earlier. Everyone who is usually parked on that part of Onslow Drive has nicked all the other spaces. I ended up way up Onslow Drive past Whitehill Street until I went back out about 30 minutes later and lucked out with a spot closer to my flat.

And there's my boring car-rant for the day. Haha, yeah, I was wondering how that was going to work! Onslow is actually murder for car spaces with the gym/pool outside my flat! At least my toilet flushes Craigpark Drive here, I feel your parking pain Good to know, I'm working tonight and I just fucking bet I'll be up that way. Waters back on, looks mucky still. Road closed off from Armadale st end Cheers pal, was in the Southside and Bridgeton tonight so got away with it! Birthday meal this evening as my birthday is tomorrow, off to Three Judges for a drink and then Balbirs for food.  Can't wait. Happy birthday eve! Enjoy Thanks! Finishing packing today.. van arrives tonight. Set off early tomorrow morning and eight hours later I should be back in the homeland! I just hope my cat doesn't have explosive shits like he did on the drive down.. Don't know who twenty one pilots are but judging by the people queuing outside the barralands (some in tents) their fan base consists entirely of emo teen lassies  Come and see Sea Symphony!

We did it in Edinburgh last night and it was cracking. In the middle of rehearsals the now. Should probably put my phone away... In London for the weekend and I find myself strangely missing Glasgow... It's also currently full of anti Europe fuck nuggets thanks to the EU deal/referendum news. It's like the Home Counties have descended into central London.  Currently struggling through the weakest cup of coffee I ever wasted Â£1.60 on, accompanied by an unpleasantly sweet yoghurt and cranberry slice. Sadly it was the only coffee shop around, apparently Paisley Road West needs three bookies within spitting distance but only one shite coffee shop. I know your pain. We ran out of coffee in the office and now I am drinking this decaf crap. ^First^world^problems I don't ask for much in life, but I try to make sure I always have decent coffee in the house. Makes the monotony of existence a little more palatable. Same here. I signed up for the Pact Coffee (funnily enough, ad here on Reddit) to try it out. They have some really nice coffee, it is not over roasted which is great. I am going to try some of the Dear Green beans as well. Never had a chance but I think they use them in Riverhill coffee bar and it is delicious. Dear Green do some tasty stuff. Do you know if there's anywhere I can buy beans in town, or if you can just wander up to their place just off Gallowgate? Â£3.50 to post some beans is a bit steep for me. Most places which use them sell them. I have got them from Meadow Road Coffee before, they have their own Dear Green blend, I am sure most of the coffee shops are the same. I think you can actually buy their beans in Riverhill Coffee Bar. I will stop by there today on my way from work anyway so I will let you know. But other than that I have no idea.  Weird you should mention Pact, I cancelled my membership with them over a year ago and got an email in the early hours of this morning saying they were about to dispatch me some coffee. To my old address. Without me having asked for it. I think they send out freebies sometimes to people that cancelled. You are not the first one to tell me this. Change your address maybe in your profile so you can get it.  Why did you cancel? Did not like the coffee?  It was part of my economy drive- just couldn't justify spending that much on coffee when I could save a few quid and get passable stuff from the supermarket. Still would like to start up again when I'm a bit more flush. Seattle's best coffee is the best coffee I've had in a long time. They're the little machines inside ASDA and costs Â£1.75 (i think?). Also heard KFC have started selling their coffee too. I'll have a wee look next time I'm near an Asda. Had an unbelievably good coffee yesterday at Something in Clarkston. Best cup I've had in a long time! I've been interested in going to Something after the viral job description. Amazing coffee, great food, nice people. You won't regret it. A shit cup of coffee is such a boot in the baws, its 2016 we have had the luxury of hipster coffee shops and generally decent places for years now, anyone peddling weak tepid brown water should be shut down, shut down then publicly ridiculed.  Bruce Springsteen and the E street band are playing 1st of June at Hampden. Presumably it's a gig although they could probably beat our national team at football.  No idea how the guy has so much energy. Absolutely incredible Saw them at a music festival a few years ago, it was a really great gig. Springsteen still has so much energy for a ~65 years old guy.  Can't stop laughing at that parachuting man, bet he just went on a night out. Our airbnb guests are going to the Halsey gig at the academy tonight. Walking past it this morning I see there are already people queuing. Where do you pee? Someone has taken pity on them and handed out plastic cover things. The pizza/curry place next door is doing a good trade providing shelter and food.  The CCA That's an awfully long walk... Not only is my internal calendar fucked but I will forever confuse the Academy and the ABC. Showing my age here, but who are Halsey? No idea, our guests made my wife and I feel old Not only have I not heard of Halsey I haven't heard of any of the similar artists on Spotify...I am sure I used to know things. I used to be with it, then they changed what "it" was :( Not sure I was ever 'with it', just aware of what 'it' was. Had a very strange date last night. Vestigial Penises were discussed. Not sure I have the hang of this whole dating thing here in Glasgow. I mean did you enjoy the discussion or was it creepy? It was very entertaining. "he left Britain for Canada, setting up the National Film Board of Canada"

Bit of Googling revealed that is where Boards Of Canada got their name.....cool. I guess I better drag me arse out of bed and up to the royal to see the misses.

Just 10 more minutes I think. Did you manage to get out of bed? About 12 o'clock I left the bed and headed to the hospital. Had some minor surgery on my eyelid yesterday. Its swollen up big time now. Look like ive been scrapping.

You should see the other guy Does someone write these Steamie posts or is it a bot?  Clue might be in the name /u/SteamieBot ha of course - cheers Got my boiler sorted yesterday, boiler cover/insurance is worth every penny, as I would probably be several hundred quid out of pocket for these repairs.

Edit: what's the big building going up on Beith Street? Student halls. The one further back from Beith Street will have a Tesco Express at the bottom of it.

http://news.stv.tv/west-central/263566-green-light-for-60m-student-halls-complex-in-beith-street-in-glasgow/ Of course it fucking will. Because more faceless and soulless halls and Tesco Expresses are exactly what we need. Come one now hippy, it's wasteland that's getting used and not some nice old building being flattened.  Surely it's better for all concerned being more halls than just sitting derelict?  

Except for the Tesco, fuck them, how many are the council going to let them open?!  There is one at Dumbarton Road plus Morrisons & Crow Road retail park are 5 and 10 min walk from here. Ach, it's not even that. It's more that due to the way they're built, they can never be anything *but* student halls. They'll never be anyone's home, and we really need more social housing.

It's fine to put up more halls, right enough, but once they've finished their one year, where are they going to move to?

With you on the Tesco thing though. Can't stand the bastards. And the number of Sainsburys Locals, there are about 3 on Argyle Street alone! On the other hand, it removes large numbers of students from the rental housing market, increasing availability and decreasing rents for long-term residents.

And, most importantly, stops too many of the cunts living in my close. It seems that the overseas kids these halls are targeted at tend to stay in halls for the duration.  (Their parents can 'buy' the mini flat rather than just rent it.)

A family member who works in building was telling me they are throwing up Halls because it's easier for developers to make money as there is a bunch of VAT related loop holes which are available compared to building private homes. I've heard the same about this tax loophole something that makes it a lot more profitable to build student flats than normal flats. Canna remember where I got that from - might have been my brother in law who told me it.  No problem with even more Halls, but fucking hell, do we need another Tesco?

Surprised they have not put a second one in the empty unit across from the exisiting Dumbarton Road one. That's how they get built. Tesco split the cost with the developer, as they did on Queen Margaret Drive. 

Tesco themselves don't mind having multiple branches in a very short distance. They will be predicting that they take business from Morrison's with the new build, and then see whether the new store or the existing Dumbarton Road store performs better, and lease out the weaker of the two. They're aiming for hegemony, though.  That area of Partick/Kelvinhall is just rammed with Chinese students.   > That area of Partick/Kelvinhall is just rammed with Chinese students.

..and your point?  They are all very polite and quieter than your average GU student. Just an observation. > Just an observation.

Bit of a weird one as it's not really, after 7/8PM you don't see them around at all. I've observed a lot of chinese students around there so not really a 'weird one'. 

Loads of good Chinese food places down that was as an added plus.  http://www.thedailymash.co.uk/news/society/everywhere-to-become-luxury-student-accommodation-2015040196964 Sitting at my desk like a burst ball after Thunder last night. Hated Terrorvision, but Thunder were good.

Also nearly got run off the road by a prick in a BMW. Hope he's wrapped himself round a tree somewhere. Holy shit, Terrorvision are still alive? I used to listen to them all the time when I was younger. Sorry to hear they sucked, though. Were they playing badly, or just not to your taste? Really not my taste. Didn't help that I'm sure the lead singer muttered "Shit crowd" as he walked away from the microphone. But aside from that, they sounded "fine". My missus and her pal absolutely loved them. Can't abide a shitty attitude from a band. You're doing literally the best job in the world, fucking appreciate it. I thought Julia Holter was at the Hug and Pint? Did they shift the venue? She played in November at the Hug and Pint, but this gig has always been at the SWG3 D'oy. You're right.  Having the earlier gig at Hug, a smaller venue than when she last played at the CCA, was completely odd.  Made no sense when she could have played a bigger venue at a more reasonable ticket price. How does the SWG3 compare to those venues ?

I imagine it is pretty small, but still bigger than The Hug and Pint SWG3 is at least 300 or so cap upstairs, it can hold way more, but AFAIK they are restricted licence wise in terms of number of people they can have in each area.

She played in the main room upstairs of the CCA, standing rather than seated layout, which is like 100 cap?
 Yeah it is such a weird one, the room is massive but their is always loads of space regardless if it is sold out or not. Nice venue, shame it doesn't get that many great gigs. I've noticed it being used more and more for gigs and club nights since the Arches closed.  Hopefully they keep it going and the clubs don't fuck it up... I think the 2am licence will help for the most part, but pity anyone living on that street trying to sleep when the place spills out from a three room Pressure! Yeah the potential for local complaints are really high especially since it isn't that well known a venue, my mate lives a 5 min walk away and had no idea it was there for the first 6 months or so. It has been running clubs for years though so hopefully it never draws too much attention, the shows I have seen in there have all been great. It seems to only get a bit more niche bands. Absolutely, I think the layout and structure of the building really adds to it... Excellent for gigs as well as clubs. I was never at the CCA gig...it would have been great to see her in such a small venue. I'd actually prefer tonight to be at Broadcast since it is such a great venue Don't worry, you did not miss much!    This is going to sound old man yells at cloud but i'd have been much happier if it had been a seated event.  During her set half the room were still just chatting and drinking rather than enjoying the music and because it's such a small room I found it pretty annoying.  (Standard old tosser Mono/Variety crowd.)  

However, when I saw her before that it was seated in a really cool venue in Manchester and it was amazing, everyone was very chill and respectful... Good times. :) Anyone else at the Academy last night? Thought The Wonder Years blew Enter Shikari off stage, what a band! I thought the opposite. The King Blues were excellent though, I wish their set was longer.  Missed most of them cause the dickhead security wouldn't let anyone into the standing area with a backpack so I had to queue for half an hour to use the cloakroom. Did they play lots off Under The Fog? They didn't play anything off it. They only played like 5 or 6 songs though.  Really? That's a shame, one of my favourite British punk records back in the day.  I went out for my friend's 30th and now I have two hours to sleep before work and ~~tomorrow~~ today's going to be a FUCKING DISGRACE. Keep it going until lunch then have a couple of beers to keep you ticking over? Got tickets to see Thunder tonight. Really looking forward to them. Me too! Could've done without Terrorvision, but Thunder were brilliant. I need to wait in for something coming between 8am and 8pm. I've been awake since 3 so I'm sure it won't be zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz... Went a run, done some weights then waxed my boots last night, I'm a boring bastard. I misread that as waxing your boobs at first. That was done on Saturday night getting ready for Sunday ðŸ˜ Currently in the Princess Royal waiting on my lady to be induced.

This is going to take forever.

It is fucking boiling.

2 hours and all they have managed to do is a plastic wristband.

Now at the 4 hour mark, They have provided a jug of water and a single tiny cup.

Still waiting on someone explains what is actually to happen. Update! I was sent home, More to come at 10am. Your whole life is going to change, FOREVER ! I can't with today. Can someone please make it tomorrow? Volunteering making furniture after college transmission end GWR? I had 2 330 ml bottles of beer last night and today I'm feeling it. Officially too old for the boozing now. A watershed moment at 32 year old... What the hell did you drink that two 330ml gave you hangover the next day? Maybe some [Ten Fiddy](http://www.beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/2681/34483/) just you wait, your time will come Did you water-up before bed? Drunk You needs to become Best Friends with Future You and make sure you water-up before bed.  Till you piss yersel and simultaneously become too old to drink and incontinent. If you don't wake up from a full bladder before you piss yerself you have more serious problems than a potential hangover to worry about. Seriously, it's better to get up to pee during the night (and then go back to sleep) than to wake up hanging to hell. First word out of my mouth this morning was "Fuck" when I looked out the window and saw snow. Today is obviously off to a great start. It was snowing? Where abouts? Admittedly I didn't get up till noon but  you wouldn't know it hear in Toryglen! I think that's when adulthood finally hits. When you go "Fuck!" instead of "Aw yes!" on seeing snow outside. I've only been in the country three months, and I've already hit the "fuck" stage of seeing snow. Australian? What gave it away? Not having seen snow and having the weird personality disorder of wanting to leave somewhere good to be here narrowed it right down. There is snow in Australia, and I have seen snow before...     
Have you seen/heard/read what is going on in Australia right now? It's turning into a Nanny State and is getting worse every year, and if I wanted to actually purchase a property? Never going to happen, whereas here I'll be able to buy within the next 12 months.      
Politics and economics aside, I'm simply not suited to warmer climates. Need to watch out for all the venomous animals in Scotland as well.  Well that makes sense. The thing that struck me about Australia was how open it was, how much space there was, and how everybody I met generally seemed pretty happy. I see Scotland the same - but with the added benefits of a long history and strong culture, great weather (heat and I don't get along, but seeing snow first thing in the morning on a work day can get to fuck), and so many more opportunities that I would never have had, had I stayed in Aus. Woken up by the cat. Little bitch. Are you me? Think our cat was trying to tell us it was snowing outside... If I bring some snow in for my (indoor) cat she goes nuts, strange being. Genuinely wanted to cry at the thought of work this morning. Need to become a millionaire pronto. Mo' money, mo' problems. Tis only Wednesday. Feels like thursday Aye, this week's seems like it's on a go-slow. Sleeping pattern is still fucked. Managed a solid 2 hours last night, eyes are bloodshot to fuck Diet, exercise and meditation.

Or go to the Doc and explain and get some gear. They took my mates uncle off the pills cause theyre addictive as fuck, now he can't sleep at all naturally. Word. Can't sleep without Quetiapine and even then I need to time it to kick in the right time. Damn, where'd all that snow come from?! Jammy basturt, no snow here just cold wind and rain  Where are you that's got snow? Just rainy and miserable as fuck in Govan.  Snowy as fuck in the wilds of South Lanarkshire this morning Hamilton here: we got snow but the rain washed most of it away. The best of both worlds. Hamilton: Scotland's slush capital.  And we're getting a Lidl tae. Lidl's the best.  Their own frozen pepperoni pizzas are the holy grail of frozen pizza.

I also enjoy buying my posh broccoli for Â£1. I always found the cheese on Lidl pizzas to be a bit weird. Not had one in a few years, though. At the Citizens for the first time last night. Only theatre I've been where two drinks didn't cost me an arm and a leg. Just an arm.  What'd you see? Any good? I haven't been to any theatre since we moved to Glasgow. Endgame. It was pretty good, first time I've been to a play like that.  Apparently I wasn't up early enough for the snow spectacular. Starting a new job on Monday but I just got a call from another company looking to pay twice as much! If they decide to interview me I might be looking to have a "dentist appointment" in my first week so I can sneak off for that Spent three hours with foam mounting board and a rotary blade getting our logo cut out to stick on our stand for Craft Beer Rising next week in London.

Four festivals in three weeks. Sounds fun but I'm going to absolutely shattered.

Shameless plug for Great Scottish Beer Celebration and North Hop Edinburgh! Sounds awesome! Love some craft beer where about is this?  North Hop Edinburgh is in the Assembly Rooms on March 5th and has mostly beer but also live music, gin, and cocktails. Tickets are still readily available for this one, two sessions only for this one!


Great Scottish Beer Celebration is at Barras Art and Design from March 10th till 12th ran by the good fellas at Hippo Beers, features loads of cool breweries, and awesome food. Was a lot of fun last year and looking to be better this year! Not sure how tickets are on this, it was incredibly popular last year so they added two extra sessions this year.  Flatmate was out boozing last night. I was awoken by some inhuman noises coming from the bathroom and when I went for a shower the bath mat was covered in spew. 

The cunt's 40, should really know better by now.  He's gonna have a long week. Rub his nose in it.  Better start to the day than yesterday. Actually remembered my work pass. This is the kind of weather that makes you reconsider your choice to leave the house today. After a month out of work I finally found a new job! Only problem is the salary is pish (13k) but it'll do whilst I look for something a bit closer to what I'm hoping to earn. Anyone got any idea of how you'd get out of work for an hour or so to get to job interviews? If you've only just started the best bet is to kid on you've a doctors or a dentist appointment. After a wee while you can straight up say you've got an interview, but for now lie through your teeth. In my personal experience its never prudent to let people at work know you're applying for a job. For two reasons;

1. If you don't get the job, you look like a (bigger) cunt.
2. Nobody can screw up your chances if they're a malicious sort and know someone where you're trying to get in.

The only time anyone at work knows if I'm looking for a new job is when I've handed in my notice.

Doc's appt's are always a good bet for getting the time you need to attend. Had a pretty rough case of flu the last two days.

Went to my scratcher last night and awoke half an hour later soaked from head to toe. I could have just came out the bath I was so wet.

So I dried myself off and went to bed again only to awake with the exact same problem only worse.

I'm actually feeling better now but as a hypochondriac, I can't help but worry about just how much fluid came out of me last night.
 You could pick up some re-hydrate powder drink mix from your chemist, replaces lost salts, sugars etc. Plan on.
Plus it gives me an excuse to drink lucozade sport, the nectar of the Gods. ^ yeah this is exactly what to do. Plus they're handy to have around when you're hungover  I used to think you couldn't beat a warm sausage roll from Gregg's, but those steak and cheese rolls are giving them a run for their money. Slept shite last night! Had surgery on Friday and was told it might bleed a bit....fuck right it did!  This wind is mental, especially up on the 9th floor. [Enjoy it!](http://farm3.staticflickr.com/2631/3765700615_72445ffc55_o.jpg) No heating on the 77 bus and someone had opened all the windows. I shut some but they opened one behind me! Too much of a feartie to make a fuss so I sat on the bus with my hood up.  What kind of cunt opens a bus window on a day like this? Fuck this rain! Also, i'm fucking fed up hearing cunts shouting, "Allahu Akbar!" on the fucking news, if God is so great why the fuck are you all getting killed? If God was great there wouldn't be fucking cluster bombs raining down on hospitals! Fucking morons Managed to fuck my sleeping pattern again, just in time for a new work week Flatmates car got tanned on Saturday night and we still don't understand why.  It was in a car park full of other cars, including a few Audi's, yet his pishy Dacia got smashed.

Jakey bastards stole CD's, a crate of Tennants, and one hiking boot from his boot.  Kind enough to leave the other hiking boot for some reason. Weird, my pal's Dacia Duster got smashed up on Wishart St, no theft, just had the windows done in and keyed on all panels.   > a crate of Tennants,

There's a clue aye it was in his boot though, unless they had a spidey-sense for pishwater they wouldn't have seen it They have well honed Jakey senses that the average pish head doesn't have. Guys I only just found out today you can pre-book a taxi. What a time to be alive.
Never missing my train for work again. You get a taxi to catch a train for work?   Yeah I live about a half hour walk from my train station unfortunately Ouch!  Maybe time to get a bike, lovely day for it :) They still won't arrive on time. He was there five minutes early. Possibly worse. Was still doing my hair man. Leave your hair man out of this. Ladies, I have been here almost three months, and seem to only be making male friends. Any suggestions where to go to meet other girls around Glasgow? Or am I going to have to start a Glasgow reddit book club or something? Roller Derby has been a grand source of female friends for my OH. Great idea!  I would join your book club too! :) :D  I'm organising a meet up for /r/MakeUpAddictionUK next month if you fancy going along! Found the thread, will keep an eye on it for details - Thanks! You're welcome! Yes do this. Consider it a plan in the making!      
Would any other ladies be interested in a book club? I would love a book club. I used to be in the Waterstones book group. Leave it with me, got some life stuff to sort out, then I'll start organising it!! :D Good luck with the life stuff! Thank you!! Just moving within the next four weeks, which is always far more time consuming than it needs to be :( I feel your pain. Good luck Thank you!! I would be interested in this. I'm moving in a few weeks, but once I'm sorted I'll start a thread for it. Keep an eye out!! I've always wanted to join a book club! Ok, gimme a week or so to get some stuff sorted then I'll set this up :D
 Could be good!  Ok, gimme a week or so to get some stuff sorted then I'll set this up :D Alarm went off at 6. I was really confused about why my alarm was going off, since it's clearly Sunday.  I bet you're having a bad day today. Kula Shaker are still around? Possibly the most uncool band of the 90s? Discuss. They did a pish cover of a Deep Purple song, enough said. Govinda jaya jaya Props on the Strawberry Switchblade track!  
Always hate going back to work after a long weekend, been mental today. I was driving on the M8 earlier at a not particularly peak time and everything was flowing freely. Suddenly everyone in front is queuing and I mean suddenly. I may have yelled WHAT THE FUCK. Never had to do a near-emergency stop (with everyone around me having to so the same) on a motorway before so that was a new experience... I've seen this happen eastbound when the lights are active at the sliproad from Port Dundas, because cunts refuse to merge in turn. I was coming up to Charing Cross (heading westbound) so I can only assume that it was people slowing down to let people in from the slip but either someone didn't react quickly enough or someone jumped in without really checking if there was any space and it had a knock-on effect really quickly. A little bit hair raising but I'm just thankful my reactions are working as fast as they should be! That whole north ring road section is a complete riot, I nearly came to grief there last week when a 4x4 decided to come to a sudden halt in front of me. No damage done, but I was carrying a bunch of instruments and took a guitar to the back of the head. I love the tune of the day feature, Id actually forgotten about todays. Heard some new stuff I prob wouldnt have hears otherwise too. For the tune of the day would you consider putting the artist and name of the tune in the post too? Where do you lot think the best haggis is in the city centre? SO and in laws are visiting, they've never had haggis before - figured that'd be a fun thing to do.  I had a haggis and blue cheese pizza from the Admiral last week, sounds bogging, is amazing, honourable mention for the chicken and black pudding one tae! Blue Lagoon Babbity Bowster, Blackfriars Street. No background music, great beer and great staff.

http://babbitybowster.com Cracking place. Bit of trad music on a Saturday too. Every Monday without fail I forget my work pass. Great start to the week. Train ticket is the error for me, costly as much as annoying. Aye, that's worse. Gutted :( Nice to see the sun today, still baltic mind Have any of you been to see the Burrell Collection? If so, would you recommend it? Think it depends on how interested you are in older art and history. It's not my interest so I find it petty boring but it's more my wife's cup of tea and she enjoys a wee stroll through it. 

I would recommend Pollok park though, and whilst you are there you may as well stick your head into the Burrell collection.  It's not my area of interest either, but I'm sure I'll survive it!

If it gets a little warmer Pollok Park sounds like a good shout. Hoping the gf is hungover from last night and stays in bed all day so I can get some peace and quiet and watch the football. Who says romance is dead? 

Edit: This hasn't gone according to plan at all. Just finished watching 3 episodes of home and away and we're now watching pretty little liars on Netflix  Rip in peace, friend Want me to come over and euthanise you?  Got a text from my ex today.

That's no how this works hen. The missus and I have decided to start the morning off with an argument over who is less bothered about it being Valentine's day.  Half three, ordered a pizza from that Riccardo's, turns up now at 5:15am pure cauld man I hate Glasgow  > In his later life, Bell experimented with sheep, convinced that sheep with extra nipples would give birth to more lambs.

fucking lol. he peaked too soon. I really need to read the stuff up top before I dive into the comments! Forgot the date, asked my ex over for dinner. Realised the date and realised he was seeing someone, sent another text saying I appreciated he might be busy. Kill me now Fuck sake hen. That's a red neck right enough haha! You weren't dating /u/kidfockr were you? No! Way too old for them I wish :( Had a random cat from the street follow us into the house last night when coming back from picking up our Chinese. Wouldn't leave the house, so it ended up staying the night. Don't blame it, it was bloody freezing. You don't live in Partick do you?  Ridiculously excited that I have a rib eye steak for my dinner tonight. Easily pleased.  Steak is one of those meals I can never get bored of.  I ate nothing but steak and eggs for two months. You'd be surprised. Very rare day off with the boyfriend today and I hate it Valentines day. I would ideally like to go see Deadpool and a get haulf cut with a nice meal but I'm not wanting to sit in a coupley environment and get charged an extra 25% because it's the 14th. So means I'll prob try talk him into staying in and getting a shitey takeaway watch some pish romcom.  God damn, I had no idea !!! were touring. Just so happens that Im out the country and will miss them. Pish.

 Currently In work, wish I could be at home stuffing my face with chocolates, oh well that'll have to wait til this evening  Went on a tour of Central Station this morning, then went around the Lighthouse with a bit of a shop and a bunch in between. It's been a good day! did you go to the Paul Smith thing there? Any good? We looked at the stuff outside and decided against it. There was plenty to keep us occupied in there that wasn't going to skin us six quid each! How's that Central Station tour? Looked pricey so I didn't go for it. Worth the money? We really enjoyed it, if I had to criticise it I'd say I'd have loved to have seen more- the tour lasted around an hour and a quarter. The most interesting bit was probably the disused line on the low level. The guide was pretty entertaining and really knew his stuff! My boiler fan is gubbed, so a replacement part is on order and SP will install it sometime soon, but probably Monday at this rate. Pure baltic, so I've abandoned the flat for the time being. Last night's date went well. Although it was somewhat awkward when a girl I went out with a year ago sat down at the table next to us about an hour in. I've just went down the shop and got fry up shit. Square sausages, links, tattie scone, eggs, bacon. Nae black pudding cos I don't think I could stomach it. 

Got a wee chocolate cheesecake for efters. Who needs a burd? Wow, 324 years *to the day* since the Massacre of Glencoe, what a travesty. Interestingly, it was the inspiration behind a certain wedding scene in A Song of Ice and Fire. Day two of recording at the Green Door. Absolutely champing at the bit to get going, but I'm early as usual, so grabbing a coffee instead. Today's duties: guitar, keyboard and vocal overdubs. Someone better reign me in or I'll try to make a Queen record. I sent them an email on the 5th about something after seeing you post about going there and no one has replied to my email. How do you contact them? Have asked the singer, he said he emailed them, so it might just be a matter of patience I'm afraid. Thanks, I appreciate you finding out. They actually finally emailed me back today.  I'm not sure as the singer did all the legwork- I'll ask him and get back to you! Just had a wee look at their website - nice to see a good selection of analogue recording kit, a nice desk and proper outboard. Which of their house engineers is running your session? Have fun and post a link to the output - would like to hear how it comes out! It was Sam Smith engineering and he was absolutely brilliant to work with- a consummate pro. I've had to leave for work before the mixing, so the end result will be a bit of a surprise to me. Can't wait to hear it, I'll inflict it on the Steamie crowd when I get hold of it! Just broke up with my west end squeeze.  Was never meant to be. Feel a bit sad but I hear pornhubs doing free premium for valentines day tomorrow so, in a way, things are looking up! *hug* :( Woke up and it was freezing, my boiler is on the blink. Thankfully I have boiler cover, so should get an engineer out today. Nothing worse! Until it's fixed oil heaters and hot water bottles are your friend. u/enelby I hope work isn't too shit today. Ah cheers. It's not all bad. Day off tomorrow then a few days on then I've got a wee holiday upcoming. Enjoy your Saturday! I barely drank anything last night but I've woke up feeling rough as fuck. What's that all about?  Sign your liver's getting old.

That or you're coming down with the same menace of a cold that everyone in my work has got right now. I'm due a break off the drink anyway so that'll do it some good.  Drinking Fosters or Budweiser leaves me feeling horrific. An absolute "Tosh from The Bill" night on Tennents or Stella and Im fine the next day. For me 4 pints and not enough water can leave me feeling rough as fuck some mornings. Just stay hydrated, and maybe have a few weekends off the drink! Heading into the center to play Smash Bros with some friends who are going over to Sweden for a tournament next week.

Then meeting a girl for drinks afterwards. Sounds like you've got your weekend sorted!  Time for bed I guess.

Anyone have really really old PC Graphics card per chance?  How old are we talking? Late 99 to mid 2004?

Needed a PCI Graphics card for a project. The city looks really nice when the weather is like this, I wish it was like this a lot more often. I know it's still cold but at least it isn't pishing it down, you know? Nearly 2 whole days without it pissing it down, I'm amazed! Hope this keeps up for a while Friday at long fucking last. Friday is just another day when you work retail. ;( Used to work in HMV, Friday was "release the fannies" day and the shop was mad busy. Haven't worked in retail in years, but your comment gave me the fear. I feel for you, I really bloody do. Fuck Valentines Day and the fact that all my mates are busy with their ladies meaning I have no social life this weekend.  Wanna go get hammered?  Let's do this. Off to see Deadpool later after getting a poke of chips with the dearly beloved. Get yer Valentines tae... Aye he wants to go see it on Sunday with a meal, I would rather no go and sit in a mobbed cinema/restaurant and pay over the odds for the privilege but apparently I'm a over reacting control freak for no wanting a set menu/poor service for Â£100 Away to go see a house in Ayrshire later. If I move there do I have to unsub from /r/glasgow ? nah, but you do have to join /r/incest  My recycling bins haven't been emptied in about a month. Anyone else got the same issue? ours got done yesterday for the first time since xmas, I think they're still catching up Has anyone ever been to a gig at the Hydro in hospitality before?  My pal just won tickets for us to go tonight and we don't have a scooby what to wear/ if we should just try to sneak into standing if its full of people networking.  Fuck that, there will be free food and booze, leave the standing to the plebs That's two mornings in a row it's been sunny. Surprised I've yet to see the first taps aff of the year. Finding this post on my reddit feed is a sign I need to go to bed. same. Wow, I just received a really nice gesture from a completely random stranger online. It's making me feel all warm and fuzzy inside!     
Makes up for this completely horrible weather we're having. Whit? It's nice n sunny oot! What was the gesture? I had 31 years of near constant sunshine - more than enough to last me a lifetime. Bring on the constant rain, grey skies, and whathave.     
Gesture was a month of Reddit Gold.  I can't wait to be back among my own kind, I'm even less a fan of being in London than I was before. Is the problem with "no line problems" the fact the threat is posted before there actually is any problems?  Aye, it won't pick up signal problems that happen during rush hour because the thread is posted at 5:30am, and SteamieBot doesn't do dynamic updates. There was talk of implementing regular edits, but I'm not sure if it was ever done. Problems going west from Bathgate. Several trains cancelled.  > No line problems

Then why were my trains cancelled and then late?!? Seriously though, fuck Scotrail.  Anyone got any ideas for decent video game console cable/controller storage? I've got them all in 1 big box and it's a fucking riot, any ideas would be great. For controllers, wrap the cable around the controller. For power and A/V leads, try cable ties? Get a PS4 mate, the controllers are wireless you won't have tha... oh aye. I still have the PS4 I actually bought Fallout 4 the other day digitally works perfect! Just can't use disc based media. No bad. Rest easy in the knowledge that the one you gave me is getting well used. Hope you still haven't used that perk! Are you wanting to show them off or is it more for practicality? My consoles are on display it's all the TV cables, plugs and controllers that are brutal to store and keep tidy I used elastic bands but they snapped after awhile. It's my fault really I have too many. Nah, that's my system as well. I do put a little sticker on the plug though with the console name, so I know which is which more quickly. Helps to know which to unplug as well. (My dad actually started this, the "PS2" label on the cable currently powering my PS3 is probably fifteen years old now.) Haha yeah I did that years ago too! I think my 'XBOX' plug went from XBox to PS3 and it's now in my PS4. Just if I want to use any other console I need to spend about 15 minutes trying to untangle these controller wires and plugs. Just wrap the wires up round it when you fling it in They always find a way to tangle up again I'll need to take a picture it's a fucking riot. Seen it wasn't raining so walked to work.

Didn't realise it was icy as and had to take baby steps all the way here. I seen it wasn't raining and there was no clouds in the sky, so I knew it wouldn't rain but it would be cold. Dusted off my bike and decided to cycle. Trying to control a bike that's always wanting to slip away from under you is always a fun challenge. I'm sitting on a train going to London for a gig and I it's just hit me how much I fucking hate London, I've made a mistake. I'm down in London for a gig too. Can confirm, London is shit. Who you down for?  Slipknot, not heard anything of them since 2001, it's gonna be interesting. Yourself? Exact same, I've seen them twice so far on this tour and a friend of mine couldn't speak highly enough of them after the gig in Vienna a few weeks back, they will be banging. You got a place to stay near the gig or you got a bit of travelling to do? Yeah, a wee hotel close to the venue.  Now shag. I couldn't live in London. Asides from what everyone else has said, there are just too many escalators. Escalators give me the fear. It is bad enough dealing with ones on the Glasgow tube that are reasonably quiet and I know well, but  dealing with London tube escalators with a million impatient commuters at your back is a special kind of hell. Last time I was down I had a spare bit of time between things.

It was after a bit of walking about I realised there's absolutely nowhere in the city to sit down without having to go in somewhere and buy something.

It's some fucking world-class metropolis that doesn't even bother with a bench or two It's that moment when the train doors open and you step out onto the platform and walk towards the overcrowded station and remember "Oh yes, this is why London is terrible".  Honestly, if it weren't for the people I'd quite enjoy London. The people and the prices.  Don't get me started on the prices, I've been here for 15 mins and I'm raging I went down for a conference in November last year and had to pay a ridiculous amount to stay in a Premier Inn. The conference was in a Hilton and I foolishly thought I could push the boat out and stay there...Â£1100 for a three night stay? Madness.  That is absolutely boggin, I'm in North London in a B&B to keep the cost down. I'm only here for the night so I wouldn't need any more. The worst thing was that was the conference special reduced rate! How is the replacement bus organisation? Can't believe it's taken this long to sort the Glasgow-Carlilse leg. There are trains via Killie now, just back that way today - changeover at Carlisle, adding about 40mins on to the journey. I'm on the east coast line, got a train through to edinburger so I don't have to deal with the buses London's a great place to visit and an even better place to leave. I'm from London, can confirm  There's always something to do but I fucking hate every second of it I know, its like being in a pressure cooker waiting for it to blow and cover the ceiling with strawberry jam. It's one of my favourite foreign cities. Stunner of a morning. Must get out for a good walk at lunch. Anyone got any experience claiming back bank charges? I wrote them a letter and they've just called me back saying they won't do anything for me.

Next step is the Ombudsman I suppose, but is it worth it? I got 3 grand back a while ago. Go on to the Money Saving Expert website and download the proforma letters. My bank tried to fob me off at first, but I persisted and got money back, including money back for a bank loan I had forgotten about. It's easy to do it yourself, don't pay any company to do it for you. Persistence is required, but it might be worth it.  No personal experience, maybe this [website](http://www.govanlc.com/bankcharges.html) (albeit retro) offers some assistance? Thanks, I had a look at that one earlier today strangely enough, and most of the cases predate the 2009 supreme court ruling about unfair charging. 

Think I might just take it to the ombudsman. I've got nothing to lose really! Time versus money. Estimate how much time it'll take to get sorted. The likely hood of getting your money back. If you think it'll take 10 hours to get back 100 quid, that's 10 pound per hour. Is that time worth it for you? Maybe if you have a strong case and its 75% chance you'll get our money you can say you are doing 10 hours for 75 quid. That's minimum wage. Guesstimate and work out a wage. 100 quid plus a sense of righteous retribution. Had a recruiter phone me about a job with O2 today, decent pay but 50 hours a week? Plus its a 40 minute commute for me, I really need a job so I said yes please put me forward but doing 8-6 every day would be lethal. When I started working full time most jobs were 40 hours a week tops.  I had one with 45 and I was like "5 extra hours? Can't be that bad."

It was. Last job I had was 45, was brutal. Thing is I didn't mind as much as living up here I didn't have the hour commute I used to have back in London. This one is by the Exhibition center so its a 20 minute bus + a 20 minute walk from central. Its only for 10 weeks so I might just stick it out and get some money whilst I look for something better >Its only for 10 weeks so I might just stick it out and get some money whilst I look for something better

I'd go for it.

The worst job I did was 60 hours a week for 5 weeks and it took me  at least 90 minutes to get there. When my last shift of the week was done I'd get home and sleep for about 12 hours and still felt fucked after I got up.  Had to scrape my car this morning for the first time all winter. Total disaster. My granny died yesterday. Today I've got to arrange the cremation.  As much of a downer as this is, I'm happy she moved on peacefully, and I feel weirdly cheerful that my parents will be bring her ashes back to Scotland when they visit in spring. She was quite happy living the last years of her life here in Canada but she always missed home. That's actually not so straightforward. You can't bring ashes into Scotland from Canada. You *can* bring them into England and then take the train or whatever into Scotland, but customs at Scotland won't allow remains. Similar situation with my Granda last year... I've a friend looking to do this.  Do you have a link to a website that explains what you just said so I can send it to her? Try [this](https://www.gov.uk/after-a-death/death-abroad)? I don't but as far as I understand you're fine to fly into England with the ashes, but you cannot fly into Scotland with them. If you fly into England then take ground transport into Scotland you don't go through Scottish customs so you're fine. Thanks so much for the heads up - I've told my mom to consider this before making any flight bookings. So weird that the law would be different for the airports - that's not a legality I would've thought to have a regional difference. My sleeping pattern has become a problem. Goodnight. Same, going to bed at 4 and waking up at noon at the moment. I need a job asap, barely seeing any sunlight at the moment Dentist this morning. First time I've ever been scared of it.  Irrational  Not so irrational when your horizontally impacted wisdom teeth have been causing you huge amounts of pain/bleeding and you had previously been told there was a severe risk of nerve damage if they needed to be removed. Unless u/what_katy_did has just uncovered evidence that the dentist is really just a serial killer who masquerades as a dentist. If that was the case, I'd be bricking it too. I've finally caught the cold that's been going found the office. Now I'm away in to spread it some more. This is why paid sick leave needs to be a thing. Or even a work from home policy. Or anything other than the legal minimum. 

Also in case anyone was wondering, my girlfriend is away down south on training with her work for the week. What did I do with this new found time in the evening? Sat watching fucking Kitchen Nightmares on YouTube. Not even full episodes, just shitey clips. Such a stupid fucking waste of time but there's something so addictive about the way they edit those clips. I do this occasionally with Extreme Couponing.  It is extremely satisfying watching someone fill up their trolley with 100s of shower gels and toothpaste tubes and then get it all for  $10. Travel towards the city centre is a fucking nightmare today. Bus from Eurocentral to Buchanan Street normally takes 20 minutes and I've already been on it for 40, and I'm only about halfway there. Same here, the expressway and Dumbarton road were a nightmare this morning. They're put it down to one lane at Dyke Road. I just went up Kelso Street to avoid it. That explains why Anniesland Road was a total baw ache this morning as well.  Pretty much. Good song today, bit weird but good.  
I always think Monday night pub is a great idea until Tuesday morning. Ugh. I'm an inveterate scanner of radio stations. The Italian one with us played this once and I loved it. Managed to figure out the title and artist (how did we survive pre-Shazam?) and it now sits in my iTunes library, one lone Italian pop song amidst the sea of Anglo. I didn't even know Italian pop music was a thing until I found Italo was a thing. It's like the 80's distilled into [song.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5EfijL6mVY)

Pure cheese but it's pretty catchy stuff. Yesterday: first day back, got a parking ticket and found out one of my favourite regulars died over new year. Great start to the week. Back to work today. Can't be fucked. That sounds about right.  Considering calling in sick - haven't slept all weekend. It's possible I just need a new job though. I've been up all night watching the Super Bowl. I just got home. I'm amazed at how busy Partick is at 6 in the morning. At 1am on Sunday I done deadlifts at the gym for the first time. As of right now, all of my everything hurts. Help. Is it just DOMS, or did you twang something? It's DOMS. My lower back was sore just afterwards so I thought I was doing it wrong, but apparently that's natural first time around. The lower back pain is gone and now it's everything else. Mainly quads and forearms. Im sure you know what youre doing but mind and squeeze the fuck out of your backside and your core throughout as if youre gonna get punched. I didnt and I overworked my lowerback. Mad DOMS for like a week. This I actually didn't do as much as I should have. Incoming mad DOMS. Yeah, drink plenty of water, Lucozade Sport, ibuprofen, the usual pish. Sounds like you hurt all the right bits, at least. Buff Dudes has a good video if you're not sure: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDuXuUg15mk Yeah that's one of the many videos I watched before doing it, haha. I practiced with just the bar before adding the weight, so I think my form is decent but not sure about perfect. Line problems on the Ayrshire Coast currently (8.40am).  


Never watched the Super Bowl, never understood the hype behind the NFL I forgot my umbrella. I am not a clever girl. Another day, another train cancelled. Half glad I get to stay in bed, half annoyed as I was looking forward to my class today. Need to go to the doctor anyway, will probably do that since I've got nothing else to do. First day back after a week's holiday. 

Siiighhhh belter tune of the day. they don't make them like that anymore. 
 Got it blasting on the work's SONOS, I'm naebody's pal this morning Going to see Suede.  Pity I couldn't get a standing ticket. :-( I have terrible DOMs. From badminton. All that lunging :/

Really need to get one of those Rumble Rollers. Are they available in-store somewhere in Glasgow? 

I keep seeing the foam ones but they won't last for a fat bastard like myself.

 I got a trigger point one at Decathlon, it's got plastic on the inside so should be pretty hard wearing.

This is the one: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Trigger-Point-Performance-Grid-Roller/dp/B005GNJBYW I learnt about 'plopping' yesterday, which is a technique for drying your hair to preserve curly hair.

As a consequence I had a dream last night involving me plopping, in which dream me was panicking about not finding a suitable tshirt for plopping.

My mind makes me boggle.  Why can't I fly or do something cool in my dreams. Before you go to sleep, focus on thinking about flying, or something fun: chances are you'll end up dreaming about it. Why do I never dream about being baw-deep in a 30 year old Susan Sarandon then?  You're not thinking about it hard enough obviously. Lack of focus has always been my greatest failing, it has to be said. Maybe using some imagery will help you focus ;) Right, gonna have to test this theory out. If it doesn't work, we'll be having words.  Good luck!! I am not sure if I want to know how it goes.... susan boyle susan boyle susan boyle susan boyle susan boyle susan boyle susan boyle susan boyle  You evil, evil cunt.  Annoyed as fuck, asked my family to put together a care package of things from Glasgow/Scotland, since I moved abroad and was feeling homesick, but the things been in the post for 2 months. Pure shite. 


What kinda things would youz want in a homesick care package if you moved abroad? Morning rolls but not if it was going to take two months to arrive.  Lots of Irn Bru. I'd probably want Square Sausage although it would have probably gone bad by now. I've just been making my own, it's not the same though.  Lots of sweets cause I'm a greedy bastard. Can not remember a winter as bad as this for consistent wind and rain storms. Umbrella #4 of the winter in the bin today. Weather is unbelievably bad.   I'm going to have to walk the dog several times FML.  This is why I find the naming of storms so stupid in this country. From November to February we're in a constant state of storm called "winter".  Hour early for the recording session so thought I'd go for a pint. Was not expecting to pay four quid for one. Ffs Finnieston. Go to The Grove. The rain made me stop in the first open place, which happened to be Lebowskis. It's a good pint, I just wasn't expecting to be able to live off the interest of the price of it! Anyone heading to the Chinese New Year thing at George Square today? I really want to because Facebook said there's food, but it's raining. Laptop repair update.

Power jack arrived and now replaced laptop still doesn't know what charger is connected.

CPU fan has now also kicked the bucket.

Fuck this laptop  This is turning into quite the saga!

Hope you get it sorted mate. Anyone buy/eat a lot of chicken?

I've been eating a fair amount since getting back into the gym, supermarkets aren't that cheap! Any suggestions?
 See Woo up on Saracen Street is pretty cheap.  http://www.musclefood.com/meat/meat-chicken.html

Supermarket 'Basics' prices for supermarket 'Finest' quality meat. The chicken breast sausages are weird, but good. Check out their New Customer offer as well, but it's half chicken, half beef.

And if you're cutting the chicken up for curries or stir fries or whatever, don't buy breast fillets. That's the most expensive cut. Buy thighs or legs and [cut the bone out yourself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBEsdsuyjm8). Cheers for the link, I've heard of them elsewhere (facebook I think) so I'll have a look.

Good shout on using leg/thigh... I have been using breast for everything! Trick is to eat breast on chest day and thigh on leg day. That way you're getting muscle that is used to being where you want it to go. Muscle memory lol /r/badscience The Asian supermarket in the renovated House of Sher is super cheap for chicken. Good quality meat too, though it's halal which is cruel, but cheap.  Why is halal crueler than battery farm methods?  The lack of stunning during slaughter. 

Obviously both methods are cruel, and as a meat-eater you've got to accept that, but keeping the animals conscious for their nasty end isn't fair.  88 percent of animals slaughtered in the UK using halal methods are stunned beforehand. 

http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2014/may/08/what-does-halal-method-animal-slaughter-involve Depends on your source. The Torygraph says it's increasing while the BBC takes a more balanced view. 

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/11378667/Sharp-rise-in-halal-abattoirs-slaughtering-animals-without-stunning-them-first.html

http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-31411219

However, in my opinion, even 12% of the total slaughtered for Halal is too much. Think of the number of animals that represents. 

 I'm not sure if I was going to be getting my throat cut I'd thank you for a massive electric shock first tbh. There's no nice way to kill animals but the outrage about halal is pish.  If the electric shock is painless and means I don't feel the knife cutting through my throat, I think I'd prefer the electric water bath myself. 

Like I said originally, all meat slaughter is cruel by its very nature, but I think trying to lessen the cruelty should be the least we can do. I've no qualms about eating halal if it's been humanely slaughtered, I'd say the same regardless if it's halal or non-halal - it should be humane.  Cheers for that, not too far away so will check it out.

Not sure how I feel about Halal butchering right enough. I volunteer in a charity shop on Saturday afternoons. Today one of my favourite authors, Bernard MacLaverty came in. I've spoken to him a few times and he is always charming and a lovely person. I was so pleased to see him and he was so charming that it made my day. Hello from America! :) Hello. I like you guys And we like you. Well that does it. I'm moving to Glasgow! See you in a bit!  get the kettle oan I'm going to have to do the quickest lock-up in history at work today. Need to get home in time for the rugby! Or at least so I don't miss much. I stop work at half four grr. Watch it on your phone on the way home. In the car so radio will have to do! First! I've been awake all bloody night. Good job I've nothing more pressing to do today than read and chill. What ye readin? I'm currently on my 19th re-read of David Edding's Tamuli series...got Neuromancer lined up next though which I've never read but feel like I should have. PG Wodehouse's "Aunts aren't Gentlemen". So far, so daft! I've woken up to the minute my alarm would wake me for work but unlike on a weekday where I could roll over and go back to sleep on a weekend I am wide awake. Lovely.  You can do something productive! Go hillwalking or fly a kite or whatever nonsense my da was always on about during CD:UK. 

I myself have used this bonus awake time to feed the cats. They were most grateful. I fed my dog and took a piss now thinking about making a coffee and playing some PlayStation. Also CD:UK was awesome, as was SM:TV Live. Any and Dec and Cat Deeley to deliver some barely concealed innuendo on a Saturday morning. Those were the days.

 I'm still not convinced I won't get off to sleep. Certainly can't be fucked getting back out of bed. Can't believe that Patrick Kielty married her, you not think you'll crash at some point?  Say whaaaat?! He landed on his feet, eh? The crash is bound to come, but everything is so bloody noisy. Dawn chorus, cats, heating, the contented snores of my darling other half who has been asleep for roughly 12 hours already... I know I couldn't believe it myself, he must be packing some serious sausage because his patter is brutal! I was in a food coma about 10pm last night so I can't grumble but I am now getting up and having that coffee!  Enjoy! After a shitty week I am now off for my birthday! Decided to be a selfish bastard and lie in this morning. Going out for some scran and drinks in the west end later and fully intend on playing videogames and watching movies all weekend while eating rubbish.

It's the little things.  Happy birthday and enjoy your weekend. My birthday activities are spread out over 3 days as I am on my own and would otherwise be just another day Many happy returns! Have a good one! Happy birthday! Have a birthday! Happy Birthday! Have a great day and weekend!  Happy Birthday!  You've reminded me my birthday isn't too far away. Cheers, enjoy it when yours comes around.  happy birthday.  Happy birthday, sis! I got you a back massage thingy and a PS4 game. 

(And a selection of Lush stuff went down a treat last night. Thanks for the idea!) No bother, I love Lush but its no cheap so I only ever get it as a gift. When in doubt and dealing with any female from the ages of 13 to 40 get something from Lush is my advice.  Saw Jon Ronson speaking about his book 'So You've Been Publicly Shamed' last night, which is a great book btw. Anyway, there was a Q&A after the talk and someone brought up the 'Glasgow Effect', turns out the artist was actually in the audience and they passed the mic up to her to get an idea of some of the abuse she's received  and it was just a reminder of how ludicrous it was that half of Glasgow went after her for receiving a pretty small (in the grand scheme of things) creative grant.  Heard him on Scroobius Pip's podcast a while back talking about this book, fascinating guy. Might have to pick up his book when I get some money! Was also at this, was very good. Felt sorry for the woman with the microphone running hither and yon during the Q&A though! Not quite finished reading it yet, but seconding the recommendation. I don't normally go for this kind of nonfiction but his other book, The Psychopath Test got me into the genre. All his books are great. Would suggest 'Them: Adventures with Extremists' next, you can get most of them in Fopp, 2 for Â£5. I shall add it to my list, thank you! I'm on Sunset Song just now for my book group. Might be one if the few people in Scotland who didn't read it for Higher English! It's not a great book to give to 16 year olds. How are you finding it as an adult? I've only read the introduction so far. The style of writing reminds me of when you accidentally get talking to drunk elderly relatives you have only met once or twice. Where is your book group? I loved Sunset Song, I see the film is coming to the GFT   Glasgow Effect? Care to elaborate, I'm completely out of the loop but interested.  Artist/Lecturer already living in Glasgow, got 15k grant on the basis they cannot leave the Greater Glasgow boundary for one year and will concentrate all efforts (and funds) on starting art projects IN Glasgow.  Some bint got a 15k? grant to live in Glasgow, in the name of art!  fuck sake man, what a world. [Glasgow Effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glasgow_effect) The grant doesn't seem that small when some of us have to work full time for less than that. I don't think there was any need for it to be advertised, it just looked frivolous. If you compare it to other funding grant's for creative projects it is small. This funding was never allocated for anything else but art. What was her artistic aim again? I believe it was to spend a year only in Glasgow creating art projects inspired by her time living in the city or something along those lines.  I really don't want to do today. Yesterday had that Friday way about it. I should be in bed for much longer than this. Bloody got the dentist at 8am too. teeth update: still there But your gums are going to have to come out? Got chinned yesterday for being a wee bit late for work, so I got a bus that's 12 minutes earlier this morning and I'm going to be late again. Fucking fuming. The traffic on Maryhill road in the morning is a joke. I used to cycle down Maryhill Rd and beat the buses down it by a fair margin. It's misery on that road in the morning.  Laptop repair update, Keyboard has been replaced and is working.

Power jack is next when ever that shows up. Much you spent so far?  Â£7 for the keyboard Â£5 for the jack. Just waiting in the jack to see if it resolves the charger identification issue. Are PC-type laptops talking to their chargers now? I've been out of the game for too long. Just Dell and there usual bullshit Not too bad then hopefully you get it up and running without spending much more.  Yea if the replacement power jack doesnt sort the charger identification issue, im not spending Â£40 on a replacement board, That laptop will just have to be tied to the wall. Worked almost 70 hours this week so very glad it's Frid-*ohnowait I'm working all fucking weekend.* Sounds like a pal of mine, Think he had 1 day off over two weeks and the nugget choose to go in in his day off. I don't chose, unfortunately; the nhs dictates.  Nah he doesn't work any where that is even mildly important. For any of you Harry Potter fans, do you think JK Rowling got the name of the Durmstrang school from that "Sturm und Drang" thing? Yeah I picked up on that. Very likely, she goes into a lot of detail with her names  That's what I thought!  Everything in Harry Potter is so cleverly named. Really? Like Remus Lupin, whom we're supposed to be surprised is a werewolf? Well, yeah.  Remus is named after the Romulus and Remus legend of Rome.  Romulus and Remus were raised by wolves. Went out and got dreadlocks today after years of toying with the idea, it was one of the more painful Fridays I've had to endure but every bit of it was worth it. Gotta update that username then. That's much more effort than it's worth, I'll always be a curly headed prick at heart Taken tomorrow off as its my birthday and have brought Krispy Kreme into work, not really for anyone else but just so I have an excuse to have one. Wondering where the feck my 20's have gone as suddenly I'm turning 28 and it only seems like yesterday I was kicking out my relatives from a house party after my 21st gone wrong.  Wait til youre into your mid 30s, thats when it gets pretty crushing.  Are you the sister of /u/Earhacker? Weird. Unless he's my brother from another mother sadly not.  Are you u/Earhacker's sister?

If you're not, maybe you could help him figure out what to get his sister for her birthday... I have offered. I'm pretty bored with all the rooshv stuff already. Whole fucking thing just needs to go away. I hadn't heard of him previously and thought all of this stuff was constrained to /r/theredpill and other shit misc subreddits. Dismayed to hear he has a following: noticed a few people on my friends list followed him too.

Oh well, at least people are aware and he's even more likely not stepping out of America after this publicity.

/r/Glasgow is pretty slow so posts tend to linger a lot longer. If only. We've still got weeks of delusional feminists patting themselves on the back for destroying the end boss on World of Rapecraft. The main irony of this whole situation is that the cunt actually managed to take them all for a ride without their consent.
 10/10 Glorious summary. Aye, was having a brief chat with one of his shills in one of the other half dozen threads here last night. If that's the standard of chat he's bringing here, I'm glad it's all behind us! He's cancelled it anyway

http://news.stv.tv/west-central/1341531-pro-rape-campaigner-axes-scots-events-over-safety-fears-for-supporters/ Got the singer from the band coming around today to work on vocal arrangements prior to our recording session on Saturday. It'd be an easier job if he didn't write lyrics with a thesaurus.

Everybody else seems to be shitting themselves and falling over trying to record things and write things down, but I'm more concerned about getting parked in Finnieston on a Saturday. what do you play? If it has strings and frets I can usually get a tune out of it, with this band I'm playing guitar and keyboards. I'm desperate to get the banjo on this record but I'm experiencing a bit of push back, haha. Where are you recording, La Chunky? The Green Door, and there's no need to call me names! Oh cool, never heard of it before. Good luck with recording! Thanks! Not too worried about it, Sam Smith of Mother and the Addicts is engineering so we're in good hands. Also I've been informed that we're actually recording on Sunday, so that's the parking worries solved. It's my sister's birthday tomorrow, but she's decided to meet for dinner tonight so she can go out with her mates on Friday night. Which is shite because I was planning to buy her present tonight in the late shopping.

Anyone have present ideas for a 28 year old girl which can be bought around Argyle Street shopping on a lunch break? If she likes candles then probably the Yankee candle shop in St Enoch Centre. Does she wear make up? Gift voucher from Debenhams or House of Fraser?  Perfume Nor the most personal gift but a gift voucher to a clothes store she likes? Depends what your price range is too What is she into generally?  Typical adult girly stuff. Nights out on the bladder and cosy nights in with her man. We're pretty short on having stuff in common to be honest.  What's the price range?  Maybe something like this? 

https://uk.lush.com/products/ps15-ps30/honey

And some jewellery like a necklace or bracelet? That looks perfect actually. Is there a Lush in St Enoch? Confirmed: /r/glasgow siblings There is a lush at the bottom end of Buchanan street. Probably just 5 minutes away from St Enoch.  Everybody seems to go mad for Edinburgh Gin. The raspberry stuff is the absolute tits. I've heard she likes Krispy Kreme. I also do jewellery and money. Preferably dropped off to a PO address and with no personal interaction... Anyone recommend the best pub quiz for Thursday nights in the city? Munro's. Starts at 8:30pm.  Thanks mate, ill check it out! The Snaffle Bit one is good, starts at 9. Cheers! Ill give it a shot. Getting held back in work so maybe next week. [deleted] ***Analyzing Leblodk***

* comments per month: 66.7 *^I ^have ^an ^opinion ^on ^everything*
* posts per month: 7.6 
* favorite sub [Scotland](http://NP.reddit.com/r/Scotland)
* favorite words: really, never, you're
* age 1 years 3 months 
* profanity score 1.2% *^Gosh ^darnet ^gee ^wiz*
* trust score 119.9% *^tell ^them ^your ^secrets!*

* Fun facts about Leblodk
    * *"I am appreciative that you have taken the time to respond in a westate?nnered way."*
    * *"I've ever read in my life."*
    * *"I've seen them."*
    * *"I am "backwards" and "nationalist" for wanting my county to be independent."*
    * *"I'm a Republican so I'm anti-monarchy."*
    * *"I'm a city person if I'm totally honest."*
    * *"I am the Austrian Jesus..." Mayhem are probably the most influential black metal band out there though."*
    * *"I'm a slight eurosceptic and I haven't totally decided what way I'm voting, I would definitely vote to stay in the EU if this was on the table."*
    * *"I've never been to London I'm surprised the SWP haven't tried their hand at joining."*
    * *"I am in no way associated with The Apprentice OR Just Eat but comments like this make me sick from both ends."*
    * *"I'm a capitalist myself."*
 [deleted] ***Analyzing Leblodk***

* comments per month: 66.7 *^I ^have ^an ^opinion ^on ^everything*
* posts per month: 7.6 
* favorite sub [Scotland](http://NP.reddit.com/r/Scotland)
* favorite words: really, never, you're
* age 1 years 3 months 
* profanity score 1.2% *^Gosh ^darnet ^gee ^wiz*
* trust score 119.9% *^tell ^them ^your ^secrets!*

* Fun facts about Leblodk
    * *"I am appreciative that you have taken the time to respond in a westate?nnered way."*
    * *"I've ever read in my life."*
    * *"I've seen them."*
    * *"I am "backwards" and "nationalist" for wanting my county to be independent."*
    * *"I'm a Republican so I'm anti-monarchy."*
    * *"I'm a city person if I'm totally honest."*
    * *"I am the Austrian Jesus..." Mayhem are probably the most influential black metal band out there though."*
    * *"I'm a slight eurosceptic and I haven't totally decided what way I'm voting, I would definitely vote to stay in the EU if this was on the table."*
    * *"I've never been to London I'm surprised the SWP haven't tried their hand at joining."*
    * *"I am in no way associated with The Apprentice OR Just Eat but comments like this make me sick from both ends."*
    * *"I'm a capitalist myself."*
 /u/trollabot Leblodk ***Analyzing Leblodk***

* comments per month: 66.7 *^I ^have ^an ^opinion ^on ^everything*
* posts per month: 7.6 
* favorite sub [Scotland](http://NP.reddit.com/r/Scotland)
* favorite words: really, never, you're
* age 1 years 3 months 
* profanity score 1.2% *^Gosh ^darnet ^gee ^wiz*
* trust score 119.9% *^tell ^them ^your ^secrets!*

* Fun facts about Leblodk
    * *"I am appreciative that you have taken the time to respond in a wellmannered way."*
    * *"I've ever read in my life."*
    * *"I've seen them."*
    * *"I am "backwards" and "nationalist" for wanting my county to be independent."*
    * *"I'm a Republican so I'm anti-monarchy."*
    * *"I'm a city person if I'm totally honest."*
    * *"I am the Austrian Jesus..." Mayhem are probably the most influential black metal band out there though."*
    * *"I'm a slight eurosceptic and I haven't totally decided what way I'm voting, I would definitely vote to stay in the EU if this was on the table."*
    * *"I've never been to London I'm surprised the SWP haven't tried their hand at joining."*
    * *"I am in no way associated with The Apprentice OR Just Eat but comments like this make me sick from both ends."*
    * *"I'm a capitalist myself."*
 It's so quiet outside. No wind. No rain. What is this?  I thought that myself, walking to the train station it was so peaceful. It's just lulling us into a false sense of security. There'll be Storm Whatsitsname before you know it. Anyone else found Uber to be totally mince recently? I was great until about Hogmanay, now it is taking ages to get a car, and there is almost always a surge. More users or have the drivers all quit? The other day the surge was mad, it has the potential to be good but needs way more drivers. Aye, it's now a "let's see what surge uber has on".
I've went back to Hampden recently. I was quoted Â£25 from the city centre to Partick the other night. Ended up trying to get any other kind of taxi for the best part of an hour. By that time the surge had dropped the cost to Â£8 which is fair enough, but Â£25 is double a hackney. I've not actually used it in January, but having just come back from Florida it's 10x better over there, and absolutely dirt cheap, about $10 for a 20 minute drive (mind you their petrol costs fuck all). I was saying this the other day! They're complete shite now! I'd say a lot of the drivers signed up for the Christmas and New Year rush to make some cash and now they've chucked it combined with more people know about Uber.  I was reading recently we have one of the worst instances/rates of people getting fined for sitting in a box junction. Could've fooled me. Took the best part of ten minutes to clear some lights because of at least a dozen people coming from the other lights blocking my lane. Doesn't help that the sequence of lights changing is fucking stupid (it's round near the Royal Infirmary.) You never see people getting pulled for that, and i've never heard of anyone getting a fine from a camera for it either. London has it sorted, no cunt cares here The other day I was waiting at the lights to go left down past drygate and a massive lorry (with what I guess was brewing stuff in it) moved out into the yellow box and just stopped diagonally across it. Completely blocked the whole junction. I couldn't believe it. The driver looked so fucking pleased with himself too.  Lorries are some of the worst! It's not like doing that moves them any faster in the mornings because it's a total bottleneck. Saves the lorry sitting for a fraction of a second but holds everyone else up! The t-junction at the oldest house in Glasgow and the St Mungo religious museum? They need to get that sorted, its a fucking nightmare. Not only that but Ive nearly been knocked down twice by people sitting in the junction, failing to see me crossing when the green mans on and just getting the foot down as the queue of traffic starts moving. They need to sort the traffic lights so that the traffic flows smoothly when the lights are on, currently people are getting caught by the traffic lights literally a few metres from this junction.

I actually changed my route home from my old job because of this very junction - at the evening rush hour you can forget getting through it quickly. Thats one of the worst junctions in the city That turn on to Cathedral Street? Yeah around that area. I'm usually turning off a wee bit before to get on the M8 but the set of lights at Cathedral St ahead causes a queue, which causes a queue further down because there's about three sets of lights on the go and they don't seem to align in a way that the traffic can flow half decently. Sitting here like a zombie after another rude awakening Ã  la the bint upstairs' telly blaring from 5am onwards, spent the next 3 hours trying to get used to some earplugs the girlfriend bought, raging at the fact that I've had to wear the fuckers in the first place, and worrying that I'd sleep through my alarm or miss the door because of them.

Compound that with an increasing sense of dread about my new keyboard being left lying in the close again regardless because the delivery driver knows I might not be in, so why bother their arse checking?

Ah well at least if it does happen I can go bitch about it on twitter and, since this one isn't a free replacement, I'll have no qualms about aiming to get the cunt a bollocking for being a lazy lying bastard. What do you fuckers have for breakfast? I had a roll and flat sausage for my breakfast this morning. Nice. Hahahaha, that made me laugh. No one says flat sausage, do they?  I know it's square or lorne but when I was a kid I called it flat and it stuck. Sad sack that I am it reminds me of early morning Saturday breakfast with my dad.  made me laugh *square on the rare occasions i'm up that early with enough spare time, it's usually a handful of cereal or a slice of toast. if i put any effort into breakfast it inevitably takes too long and becomes brunch, or worse, lunch Ice Cream. Porridge. I don't often fancy it, but I'm always glad I had it. Bagel with soft cheese and an espresso if I'm not lazy and skip it. This is the most west end sentence I've ever read in my life. I'm about as far East as you can go without being in Uddingston! I'm just a posh cunt, apparently ;)

The espresso is mainly due to time constraints in the morning- saves having to wait for a big coffee to cool. I do drink it out of Le Creuset espresso cups though. Dowanhill tastes on a Shettleston budget, me. Hunners of muesli or cereal, couple of bits of toast, and hot chocolate cos Im a big wean and I love it. Coffee and a packet of crisps. Mushroom omelette  Skinny Chai Latte. Aldi Ready Brek with Golden Syrup. Soft boiled eggs on toast. On the odd occasion I'll throw a bit of avocado in the mix. Sounds posh as fuck but I'm frae Springburn. I keep skipping breakfast. Sometimes porridge. Sometimes Aldi Special K (it's called Benefit with a big red B so sometimes I call it Special B). Most of the time, fuck all. Or a bottle of lucozade. Orange obvz. Original Lucozade is superior Lucozade. I cannot support this message. Blueberry fucking Wheats \o/ Aldi Rice-Crispies Red Stripe Mah nigga. Fags and coffee. Coffee Fags After the buying of a laptop didn't happen on /r/glasgowmarket
My impatient father in law bought himself a laptop on Gumtree that is a fucking lemon.

Waiting on part to see if it is fixable. I doubt it. Any idea what's wrong with it? Whats not might be easier.

Battery is completely gubbed. So that needs replaced
Has no charger, So a new one is needed.
Charger port is fucked.
Keyboard is also dead I believe.

If the laptop even works, It going to cost more than the Â£40 he paid for it to fix it.

Waste of money. [deleted] Guys 50, Only wants to be able to use skype, Laptop had a camera so he bought it thinking I was magic.

That and he cheap and Â£50 was all he wanted to spend.
 [deleted] He uses a 1st gen iPad for all the internet things he needs, Youtube/facebook and browsing, The Laptops purpose is 90% skype. A cheap tablet would do him for Skype too, providing it's got a front facing camera. You get shite Chinese ones off eBay for dirt cheap. Done that before, If the battery ran flat for any length of time the whole thing did a factory reset, It just wasn't worth the hassle for him.

He was using his daughters laptop but she just moved out to her first flat, Which is why he is looking for a replacement That's an absolute nightmare. Best of luck with finding a replacement. Don't think I will find a replacement, He wasn't wanting to spend more than Â£50 to begin with, So now I have a tenner left over to fix it! Ha. Boabs dog pished on it. Think it would be easier to fix if he had, Atleast I would know where to start. My neighbours screaming wean is really pissing me off Everyone wants TFB tickets. 

(I haven't had any luck yet.) Fucking sunglasses on the day! Yas, nearly summer guys! I can't get out of bed for the fucking life of me. Same. Just hauled myself out of bed but I'll be late for my 9am meeting. Can't particularly care. 5 minutes late for my shift.. oh well. Make it on time to your meeting? Nah, but nobody particularly expects me to be on time any more. I need a new job...  Kitties are off to the vet today for their jags. Have bought chicken to bribe them into the carrier with, should probably look out my gardening gloves as well as they do not appreciate attempts to pick them up. Wish me luck. I have tonsillitis and my wisdom teeth are giving me grief.

Kill

Me

Now I know this is probably a little late but codeine/ibuprofen from boots, and buy some clove oil (also from boots). Sort you right out. For the wisdom teeth, get the boots own brand version of bonjela. I find its more numbing than the proper stuff.  Thanks! I've got this spray for my tonsils that has numbing stuff in it and that seems to be helping my teeth quite well too! I found the spray never helped when I had tonsillitis for two weeks, ended up eating codeine like sweeties and sleeping for 19 hours a day There's a roundabout closed in Clydebank making the number 2 bus through partick just not appear also  I'm giving up on that bus. It never appears. I only ever get it because the bus stop is closer to my house than Partick station and stupidly I keep thinking 'oh, the bus will be much quicker'. Well, after making that mistake for the 478th time, tomorrow morning I'm going to learn my lesson. Great tune. 

Train stopped for 5 or so minutes in the middle of the tunnel between High St and Queen St. Also it was the most packed in it has been in months. Nearly fainted. Was fucking shite all round. I should do something other than moan in one of these threads one day. WTF is with Pinto changing their menu and their recipes? Way to lose a loyal customer base, bro. Guess I'll go elsewhere for mass-produced, non-authentic, overpriced "Mexican" takeaway. They've been bought out :(  Well that explains that, though after seeing how empty they were at lunch time today, that's one bad decision by corporate. I've never really been captivated by the whole 'walk past a line of people repeatedly explaining what you want to each of them' model of dining. I Just had a swatch at Pinto's twitter feed. People aren't happy with the changes.  Glad I am not the only one. It's complete bollocks. Pretty shite to read about it. Was my first choice for a burrito. We'll find somewhere new (hopefully)! Taco Mazama beats Pinto by a mile in my opinion.  Well I know where I am going for lunch today! Thanks for the tip  :) Oh no, what did they do? Changed the menu and ingredients, changed the recipes, upped the prices. Nothing has flavour anymore and their salads, which were insanely popular, no longer exist. I thought it was just me. Had been hankering for a pinto after work last week, trooped up in the freezing cold, got one to go, jumped on bus, rubbed hands in glee at sheer decadence of a burrito midweek, promptly scoffed in the comfort of my own home - was bland and thoroughly disappointing. 

That was a shite Tuesday. 

I thought it was just the anticipation of it. Nope. Now terminally shite. Gutted.  That was me yesterday - holding off on grabbing some deliciousness, finally get my hands on it, didn't even finish it. Had never been so disappointed by food in weeks.      
     
ETA: I made a fuss on Twitter and they're sending me a free burrito card! Hooray! So uh... Anyone want a free burrito? I had no problems waking up or getting out of bed. Roads clear all the way to Tradeston, found a parking space no problem. Walked up to Tesco bought some Coke Zero no problems, got to work 10 minutes early and chilled until 9am. What am I doing wrong? You're not whining like fuck for a start Is that the point when you realise you quit last week and are late for your new job? Do trains get disturbed that bad every year? Travelling and commuting seems like a hell for people up north.  If I lived up north I would probably be self employed but maybe I'm being overly pessimistic of job opportunities up north. Can't be fucked right now, spent all yesterday fixing other peoples messes and it looks like today is going to be more of the same. Bring on my birthday long weekend pronto before I chib someone.  Currently on a Megabus to Lanadan town, surprisingly got my own seat and the bus isn't fucking rammed, even got a decent sleep.  Are the plug sockets working? Yes on the gold they were but on the original on the way down they weren't  Carnival of Madness was the tits last night. Could have done without the weird new-age hippie bollocks on the PA before Shinedown started though.

It's a fucking rock show and some idiot puts on instructions for relaxation and meditation.  A tree or something blew onto the line near Ayr so it looks like I won't be going to uni today. Back to sleep I think Blowy as fuck man. Also my last day. Aww man, I used to love Bowling for Soup back in the day.
 
"She doesn't notice me.."

EDIT: I'm not very good at hearing lyrics. "She doesn't notice me" FTFY :-) I'm not very good at hearing lyrics, thanks!

Genuinely thought Tom DeLonge was singing "in de sig na call you" in I Miss You by Blink 182 for years before I looked up the lyrics.
  I just sat here and mumbled the song to try and find the point you were talking about. Now I've got it stuck in my head and want to listen to Blink 182 again.  Sorry. Unleashing my inner 13 year old and going to see Bowling for Soup tonight should be a laugh  My review of They Might Be Giants: fucking great. In a set more than two hours long, with three encores, they covered songs from their entire career. They were funny guys too, and insanely good musicians, particularly John Linnell, who at one point broke out a bass clarinet. Ten out of ten.

In other news, I'm on holiday this week so I've just woken up. Dancer. Day off today. Still in bed and listening to the howling wind. Not even going over the door today. Having a coorie in! The weather is fucked. Jeezo man. Was like one step forwards two steps back for a while walking into work.  Happy Monday y'all.     
Can anyone recommend a decent cab company? Preferably one with an App booking system. My usual company keeps fucking me around, and there's never any Uber drivers on the road. Thanks peeps. Tried Uber? I've been using it since it turned up here its great. > and there's never any Uber drivers on the road.

Every time I try to use Uber there's either no drivers, or they cancel the job before it arrives.
 I'd check my score if I were you How do you check it? I want to know my rating! X  Click the small circle with person inside icon in top left corner > click help > click account > click I'd like to know my rating > click submit  I've got a really good rating :\ Duhh brain fart. Fair enough I mostly use it to get home from town so theres normally more drivers. I've even tried it in town and then it's like "SURGE BITCHES!" so it's cheaper to grab a blackcab in the long run. Guess I'm just unlucky :( network acs Hampden worked well for me on Saturday, booked through the app, turned up quickly and was cheap.

 Will look into these guys too! Alternatively, I stop having a social life. I generally use Network Private Hire. They've got an app and you can see where your taxi is on the way to you (similar to Uber). It's about the same price as Uber too.

Not sure if you can pay by card though, I've never tried. Fuck that shit, have you seen the [permissions it requires](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nph.taxi&hl=en_GB)? Upload contact list? No fucking thank you. I'm not currently an Android user, so am not aware of this issue. Are there not options within the OS to allow a more granular control of permissions?

I'm sure this was an option the last time I had an android phone. Depends how old your phone is. Android 6 will ask you before the app accesses the list and you can choose to deny it. Plus you can manually change it somewhere deep in the settings menu. Thanks, I'll look into them!  Whoever suggested that tune of the day has serious abandonment issues Tips for surviving a trip to Landan town on the Megabus tomorrow morning? Do the things even have Wifi yet?  Stay up all night and sleep the entire time, is probably the only realistic way to have an acceptable experience. I got the gold on the way back was looking forward to crashing in a 'bunk' but apparently it's a haven for tea leafs  If you don't have a very big bag you could always just spoon it. Like a small rucksack rather than a case. blues Next Biking along Pollokshaws Road today was a dice with death, put the hand out to signal "please don't run me down whilst I change lanes" just as the wind picks up and tries to take the bike out from underneath. They bikes are a fucking death trap in the wind. Well, not so much the bikes themselves, but the advertising board on the back wheel. Acts like a parachute. Shitey fucking windows in the office. Badly needs double glazing. Frozen. 6am flight from Prestwick tomorrow morning. Guess I'm pulling an all-nighter, and leaving town about 3... that works for timings, right?

Any chance my flight might actually take off in this pishy weather? Oot my tits n' heading to bed with a bottle of bud. Bit of sexting till I pass oot, and wow, pure craving a Yeeman. 5pm alarm set!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3vHxZhRGm0 Ahaha, those covers are broked Here, we can see a drunk person in the wild on /r/glasgow... I'm awake! Why is this happening? I've nothing on today, I go to bed at a reasonable time last night, but now I'm wide awake and have been for over an hour. 

Today is going to suck.  Could be worse, you could be stuck at work like I am. It's quiet as fuck though, so all I'm doing is watching The League and fucking about on Reddit. I'm off for a few extra days this coming week and I turn 33 the day, getting harassed into doing summit. I'm feeling awful lazy these days. Why is there a need to celebrate the day your maw expelled you from her genitals surely it's her day.  Happy vagexpulsionanniversary pal! Cheers to /u/dheidshot for dropping off an old PC he was throwing out today. You cannae really argue with getting something for nothing. /r/glasgow delivers! No worries dude, glad youll make use of it. Sorry if I left all the dwarf porn on it. no bother, personally i'd describe it as a perk. Just signed up to the gym for the first time in my life. Pretty excited actually! Off to see They Might Be Giants tonight- my initial plan was to use setlist.fm to look at the other gigs on the tour to see what songs out of their sprawling back catalogue I should (re)acquaint myself with, but it looks like every show has been pretty varied, bar a cover of Destiny's Child's Bills Bills Bills. There's also been a Jonathan Richman cover floating around that I hope they do tonight. I'm going too, can't wait to see them live for the first time! Think you can pretty much rely on Birdhouse and Istanbul being played as well. I'm hoping for a few off Flood, as it's my favourite. If they played Letterbox I'd be very happy! Would also be good to get some older stuff like Ana Ng. I'm a John Henry man really, but they've been consistently good over the years so I'm sure everyone will be happy with most of the setlist at least! Vic and Bob in Edinburgh the night, cant wait SteamieBot saying there's "mixed precipitation." Aye, rain mixed with knives. That wind is still fierce. Steamie likes to understate things. Yesterday was a 'light breeze'.  Bit shite out there. MY HEAD IS SO FUCKING SORE 

had a steak from the butchershop last night. fucking brilliant as usual. Day 1 in the decompression chamber that is my flat, time to have another crack at chucking baccy. Anyone wants to hear me bouncing off the walls just add FakeBlood88 on PSN. So did Grandmaster Flash get stabbed last night then? Aye. He's deid.  Excellent. First holiday in three months (not counting Christmas), it's snowing and my boiler's fucked.

Awesome start. Got stuck sober in the city centre last night/ Never quite realised quite how scary some of the drunk folk are, because any other time I'm one of the drunk folk! I hear there is snow out there. Like I needed another reason to stay in bed all day.  I was woken around 5 this morning by a helicopter hovering outside. Wasn't the normal police one, it was fucking massive. 

It was looking for someone/something in the Clyde. Anyone else see it? > search

My pal posted a video on Facebook this morning alleging someone vwas on the Clyde (couldn't actually tell from the video). Could have been that. I hope that's not true though No idea what was going on, but it was fucking noisy. It was massive though, like a proper search and rescue type. It was hovering over the squinty bridge for a while. Aye that's where I saw it. It was there for ages.

Pretty inconsiderate of someone falling into the Clyde when some of us are trying to sleep! In my darkest moment of sleeplessness (about 5.45am) I have to admit that thought crossed my mind. But I've checked all the usual news sites and can't find anything, so hopefully nobody was actually hurt/dead/injured/etc. Still, can't imagine they'd send a chopper that size out for anything unconfirmed. Pretty sure I saw an old woman in a rocking chair fly past my window.

Pretty wild today.  Thank Christ it's payday. The better half is off out drinking tonight so it's ps4 and a kebab for me this fine evening!  My review of Limmy Live last night: nae bad. Lots of recycled material from the TV series with a different spin on it. Some extremely self-indulgent stuff in act one; act two was far stronger. Highlights included an all new DeeDee monologue that was extremely funny [edit: I have been informed it was not new. My bad], Adventure Call Live and Jacqueline McCafferty meeting a celebrity guest. 

I was surprised there wasn't more new material, particularly since he's known for more experimental comedy. What new stuff there was was very funny. Audience was a bit subdued, but it was a Thursday night. 7.5/10. I love that 7.5/10 warrents a nae bad. 10/10 was awrite aye.  5 numbers on the euromillions. Better than a slater up your nose. Steamiebot now provides a digest of the recent posts on /r/glasgowmarket. At the moment, it's just a list of posts from the last day. Do you think that's enough, or do you want to see posts from the last few days? I'd say it isn't active enough for 1 or a few days worth of posts to be listed. You'd need at least 10-14 days. Aye a couple of weeks would be good.

If that were the case, ideally we'd have flairs for "event passed" or "item no longer available" so that steamie can ignore them. 

I messaged /u/Maddjonesy about creating digests of the sub. Hopefully he gets back to me and we can discuss ways of doing this.  I don't remember that message, but I'll help if I can. Do you just need those flairs set up? (Sorry for taking ages to reply)

Aye. If we have flairs set up, we can set steamiebot to ignore the posts with flair. Either you can allow users to flair the post themselves or set them yourself as a mod. 

In my opinion, it'd be good to encourage users to flair their post when items are no longer available etc.  Last 5 posts maybe? http://i.imgur.com/yMaGo.gif Holy shite someones bin just went flying across the road and shat me up. Thought it was thunder. Right. Back to sleep.  15 mph wind? More like 60 at the moment.  Aye, pretty fuckin wild out at the moment. Hope the trains don't go to shit. The trains have most definitely gone to shit /u/timlardner updated the weather function to be a bit more useful. It now gets a description of the full day's weather and a list of weather warnings from http://forecast.io Nice! It's looking really good :) Cheers! PSA: South Street at the railway bridge is currently underwater.

In related news: my car is now officially part submarine. At least your in a car. I had to walk with the cars to get into work. I had to go through that as well. The temperature gauge on my engine went awol after it until I hit Woodlands roundabout. Hoping for enough no-shows this morning that my 9am class will be cancelled. 

Also, part of Broomielaw has been closed off by the police as bits of buildings are being blown off into the road by the wind.  Aha! I was wondering what the deal with the traffic was. I avoided it this morning and forgot and got caught in the tail end of it this evening before going over the Jamaica Street bridge.  I'd you have a red motorbike just down the hill from the Strathclyde union, just off George Square, the weather cunted it over and the right side is damaged Aye, I saw that when I was walking in today. Gutted for whoever owns it. Same mate, nice bit a damage done, gonny cost the guy a bit to fix the paint and dents. Shame with the money that thing already costs Away to cycle to work in 20mins. Love a challenge!  Well, did you make it? Practically on tenterhooks here. I did. When it was a tail wind it was superb. When it became a head wind, holy shit! Still good fun.  If you're traveling east it'll be pretty fun. If you're traveling west, you're going to die. I read that in Falconhoof's voice! Today was the first time my train has been on time for donkeys! The fuck! The train driver was using the wind to get a wee bit of extra speed so he could be on time. I got woken up this morning by my bedroom curtain blowing around. Discovered my window has been ever so slightly open since the summer. I thought the windows were just poorly sealed. Dread to think how much I've wasted on heating :-( Mate... Well at least you'll save a bit on heating from now on! Heading into uni now in case the trains shite the bed before I'm due in. No thought of a plan for getting home if they are fucked but. Yup! Same for me, I'll be in work an hour and a half early but might as well be in rather than fucking about later in the shitey weather. No money for the bus into college. Oh well, looks like I'm walking in. Hopefully I'll make it there alive.  First a plant pot hit my windae then it's been an alarm since 6:30M next door. See if this wasn't payday Friday, I'd be AWOL right now I left early expected the roads to be absolute chaos. Instead it was the clearest the roads have been in a long time. People just using the weather as an excuse to patch work on payday? Gig listing is missing the best gig in Glasgow tonight! Citizern / Turnover at the Classic Grand. Both put out killer albums last year and its not quite sold out yet, anyone who's into emo / grunge along the lines of latter era Brand New should head down! Seen a flying trampoline in Carntyne this morning, belter! Unfortunately my shit old phone was too slow to get any footage Missed a gig on the list: MNDSGN at Stereo. One for the hiphop heads. When will the bus stops be letting us know when the bus is due? It's been saying refer to timetable since Christmas I do like the idea of Catwoman taking the bus. Times are hard, even for supervillains. That made me laugh! Not so much a supervillain, more like an old moggy Fuck, got the interview address mixed up and missed my interview today.

Someone please console me, what is worse? To apologise and cancel an appointment or to turn up 10-15 mins late, dripping in sweat and panting? cancelling. just go late n ask to use the loo when you get there, and tidy yourself up in there. call them in advance to to say the weather is holding you up or some shit My lady partner is in complete agreement with you.

Double bogie. fuck it, took tomorrow off work to get hammered Has anyone been to these retro gaming cafes in the town? I have always fancied popping in but I did that once to the place on Union Street and felt like a dick end and out of place mostly because I am a ball hair away from 30 and most people in that one were rather young.  I used to walk past Max XP on Duke Street all the time, I didn't think that place looked cliquey. I know what you mean about about Geek Retreat, popped in a few times, looked at some things for sale and left.

Megabytes is much better, quite a few arcade games you can play, if there is space then grab a tea or coffee and rent a console and game for an hour, great fun.  Still has the kids kicking about but not the same vibe. I think I would like somewhere I can sit and chat shit about old consoles, I've got a ton of them and none of my mates enjoy older ones so would be cool to meet some other people to talk to, God that makes me sound desperate. Think I'm going to give this one a try when it opens.

https://www.facebook.com/superbarioglasgow/ I have thought about going to these places before but I've been a bit worried that they'd be a wee bit cliquey and if I wandered in on my own that it might be awkward as fuq.  I went to one and three supermodels started sucking me off. Aye the other ones about aren't really my style. This looks like more a place I'd go since you can grab a beer at it. I'm more than ready for this place, happily backed their kickstarter.  Good beers and arcades, sold. Passed by today, still just a clothes shop Morning all. Edinburgh bound this morning for work, tempted to throw myself off the train at the next stop.  Least it's Thursday.  You poor thing! I did EDB three days this week. So glad to be back in the Glasgow office, and only 30 minutes from home, instead of 90. Someone, somewhere, is drilling something and the sound is echoing through my office. Today is going to be a long day. something something drilling yer maw Boo.

I've got staff training today. Anyone have any inspiration to make me approach this in a positive frame of mind?

(Relevant:  I'll have half a day to do a full day's worth of work when the training finishes). you're a strong, sensual, powerful black woman who don't need no man. >Anyone have any inspiration to make me approach this in a positive frame of mind?

You don't live in somewhere like Syria. You are employed so don't have to deal with the clowns at the job center. You've got safe clean water on tap. A great number of people can't say the same. To have your overwhelming depth of character ThrowingScrotieBalls, we'd all be saints. At the same time I can see why it would feel like a wasted opportunity to be in such an advantageous position but have to spend time on [bullshit jobs](http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2013/08/labour-markets-0). First world problem, sure, but then poster above you might rather they were working to help people in Syria, or to keep the water clean, or to do some other job that helps people other than "staff training" which they clearly feel doesn't add the same amount of value to society. Its all about perspective. It's easy to procrastinate or just moan, if you're not satisfied with your situation change it for the better, or stop groaning and accept it. We don't know the details, often 'staff training' is required to be carried out at regular intervals, for contractual reasons. For most folk society has moved past the 'job for life' scenario.  Don't get me wrong, I agree. Just saying it isn't obvious and not always helpful to suggest "well just find a better job then!" - as you said they're already doing quite well to be employed at all. >Just saying it isn't obvious and not always helpful to suggest "well just find a better job then!" 

I didn't say that though. We (you and I) are clearly pointing out that their approach is wrong. Rather than get fluff words from strangers to get through the day, realise that there's a problem and spend time addressing the root cause of the issue in a productive manner You just need to get through today and then it's Friday. Just one day. You did it yesterday. 

Also the more you engross yourself in it, the faster the day will go I can't wait until the finish this fucking water pipe! My life was was better and easier before.  I believe Limmy is playing tonight as well, Mr. Steamiebot. I'm going to that. Can't wait! Ive been soaked at work every day this week and there's to be a fucking storm the morra, fucking Gertrude or something, fuck off ya hoor.
Fuck it I'm getting pished the night [deleted] >spots me instantly and starts waddling over, slowly getting a hardon as he gets closer. Had to just drive away, wank

Must be quite the traffic warden if they got you so excited you had to drive away for a wank :p No line problems? So my train to Edinburgh for the day is taking an extra 30 minutes for shiggles?      
Least I got Tinder/Happn to keep me entertained during the next 1.5 hours.  [No line problems reported is not necessarily no line problems.](http://i.imgur.com/WqsTqXz.png) Well I am damn well reporting a line problem! What is Happy? A typo. Meant to be "Happn" which is like Tinder basically. Disappointing. I wanted an app that just made me happy every time I looked at my phone.

You single people have it so good these days, with your Tinder and Happn and whathaveyou. Back in my day we had to actually talk to birds. It seems so primitive now. I'd prefer it if I met someone randomly via actual human interaction, instead of via an app. But eh, that involves leaving the house/office.     
If you find a Happy app, please advise. I'm sure there's one out there, probably involves baby animals. Download Neko Atsume. Pure happiness.  So I'm just supposed to wait for them to show up? Don't forget you can claim for a delay of 30 minutes on Scotrail!  Just keep your ticket and make a note of what train you got, and pick up one of the envelopes from a ticket office.  

They should really just do compensation automatically but at least you can get some money back if you bother. Ooh, cheers for the info! It's all paid for by work though, so eh. All you need is the ticket, no receipt required.  They send you a rail voucher through the post. Ooh!! Excellent :D Thank you! Enjoy!  Spend that few quid wisely. Obligatory comment about the weather. Aye, still this light rain pish.

I'm interested to see how bad the weather has to get before steamiebot decides the rain is no longer light. Something something puddles First day on a new newsdesk. 
No more tabloids for me (for now) Congrats and good luck! Thank you! One train cancelled, next one heavily delayed. Scotrail strikes again.

Considering going to see Room by myself tonight if I'm not still in a howlin mood after work  It's a great film. I had to drag my girlfriend to see it. She cried the whole way through.  I didn't go, howlin' mood unfortunately continued and I'm away to bed haha. I loved the book so excited to see the film!  Suddenly had the horrible realisation that one day I will want to retire so now have to look into pensions and investments and savings. 

 No workplace pension? Just the Nest scheme which is a load of crock. Having a serious think about buying a flat that needs work and renting it long term or selling it after doing it up. I have the skills and time so giving it a ponder.

 I'd like to think after having to deal with some shitey landlords I'd be an ok one myself.  just don't outsource it to a letting agency or they'll be cunts on your behalf. soon after dealing with tenants it would presumably becoming tempting. My parents were landlords after my grandpa died and they ended up with his flat so have experience of some really awful tenants. I wouldn't want to use a letting agent due to experiencing their scummy tactics myself. I'd hope to get a good long term tenant who won't be minging. It's still all up in the air as it's still just thought rather than anything concrete.  Found the monthly WiFi password for visitors in work, so we're back in business!  Jury service postponed today, need to call again at 5 blablabla I don't have time for this  Many things you can do to avoid jury service. yea i usually find something but i couldn't come up with any excuse this time  When I was called recently, I couldn't believe the amount standing up with all sorts of excuses why they couldn't serve, most didn't look like they were rushing back to any form of employment.

I didn't make the random pick and was sent back to work :( Can't tell if this was a small dig or not, so please ignore if it wasn't!  
I'm a full time student in my final year, with my entire degree resting on exams i have in 3 months, i'd rather not spend 2-3 weeks in court.  
I'm happy to serve when i have free time but they never seem to call when it's convenient A student taking thier studies seriously? What the fuck? Is it opposite day? Nope not a dig, never met you!  Good luck with the exams. I've been called up twice but I have never actually been required to go because it goes into the phoning them up routine and then the message goes "You are no longer required!".
 Mind Turin Brakes? Totally forgot they were a thing.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkIZXKJmZ38 I seem to remember someone on Dont Tell The Bride trying to book them for his wedding qnd they wanted Â£15,000 to play there. one of my ex's pumped one of the dudes in that band sympathetic upvote. i do hope this was not when you were seeing her. [deleted] I think I love you. How did the Edinburgh date go? I asked for a rain check, so it's still to happen, if ever. Plus, I think I'd prefer to stick with Glasgow guys. Probably wise...Good luck in your search Thank you :) Take the fuse out tae, for added rage! Isn't a hand-dryer machine supposed to be less hygienic that paper towels though? I've heard that bacteria love the hand-drying machines as it's a warm and damp environment. Depends on the make/model of the dryer. The Dyson ones use cold air so less bacteria for example. That's brilliant, although he might end up super para and start monitoring your toilet trips. This belongs in /r/pettyrevenge, very nice. Light rain and 6mph wind. Steamiebot  is taking the piss [deleted] Fuck off. Nobody gives a fuck about metric here.  My car gets 40 rods to the hogshead and that's the way I likes it. We need the speed in furlongs per fortnight. Aye, my soaking trousers after this morning's walk to work would beg to differ. Ah yes, the same light rain that has soaked me to the skin. I think it might be reporting what the weather is like at 5am rather than the general forecast for the day. Time to find a new weather api either way  Said a few days ago, it should just be "taps oan" or "taps aff."

http://www.taps-aff.co.uk Was out at work at 5am, it was monsoon like.  Naa mate it was pissing doon then as well. Hink steamiebot was on the glue this morning. Just had an interview in newcastle. Probably the best interview I've had yet, I'm buzzing right now. Also sweating buckets, nice weather over the border. I can't wait to get back to rain.  Good luck! Doing What, not for who. Hope you were more observant in your interview.  considering you just replied to the wrong comment and the comment you tried to reply to was by a different poster.... i think you should be careful about ripping the pish out of peoples observation skills! ....well fuck. Sorry guys What was the interview for? Maersk. ScotRail Train In "On Time" Shocker >Wind: 6 mph

Did I miss the international convention where we redefined what a mile and an hour is? So much Uni work to get done, so little inclination to do it.  Do it, move on, do something else without it hanging over you. You'll feel better easier said than done right enough! Sure it seems that way, just the mindset playing a trick on you. That's the thing about breaking bad habits or procrastination, you feel much better once you've said, fuck this, and moved on. It's easy to be lazy (literally zero effort, nothing changss) but more rewarding to just get on with stuff. If anyone is into all that futuresynth jive, Van Dammage and Shetland Phony are playing MacSorley's tonight! I heard Shetland Phony are pretty good  Why does the Number 2 bus suddenly vanish as soon as the weather is a tiny bit more shite than normal? The 46 disappeared too. Sitting in a taxi 10 mins late for work the now.  46 eventually showed up 13 minutes late for me. I think I'll just opt for a taxi tomorrow, this morning's journey was not worth saving the Â£4. Anyone been to that Musicians' Union thing? I think it ends this week, but I might pop down on Saturday or something. Be nice to have an excuse to visit the Mitchell again. Soaking, cold and miserable all on 4 hours sleep because of this fucked back of mine. :(  Way to hard to get into Uni for 9.30 this morning, lying in bed listening to the gale outside my window.

Electric blanket: on. Sup crew, does anyone know much about first aid training in Glasgow?

I've had a quick scan, and there seems to be a large price discrepancy between St Andrew first aid & British Red cross. I think Glasgow Life is offering them too.

Is there much difference between the training?

Also, first aid at work vs standard first aid?

Cheers. I've had both and prefer the Red Cross although I had to trail out to Hillington. The St Andrews one is better than it used to be, although there is still a focus on bandaging, none of which I've used yet. But if someone has a compound femur fracture when we're on a remote hill I'm in there! I feel like when I manage to get to uni in weather like this someone should give me Â£10 for the effort.

Please give me Â£10. I feel like you should be prepared for the weather. I had a big waterproof coat with a hood and boots.  Still got soaked. >waterproof

>still got soaked

Seems my comment still stands. You're aware that coats are different from HAZMAT suits? Well it was particularly blustery, but you're right.

Apparently you can't make a joke about the weather in this sub. Not when you're asking for a Jim Fenner just because you rolled out of bed! X  Maybe if I'd added "Yer Maw" after it it'd be taken as the joke it was meant to be.   Please give me Â£10 yer maw makes no sense, ya mong. Yer maw's taken as a joke. I feel like I'm owed Â£10 for reading this thread.

Ten people please give me Â£1 each. Haud yer wheesht, it's just a bit of rain, in my day I just brought waterproof trousers to uni. I was prepared but half an hour worth of walking is guaranteed to be soaked by the end. Missing Cancer Bats tonigth, 19 year old me is ragin' at current me. Didny even know Cancer Bats were still going Back to uni, had to get up before noon. :( Getting up early is a valuable skill - it's very useful when you have to go out into the corporate world. It's even worse when you have to wake up at 6 because you don't drive and it takes you an hour and a half to make it into work via public transit.

2/10 would not recommend  Only today?  I'm now into my third week. Serious case of the Mondays today. Got about 3 hours sleep last night thanks to a disagreeable exchange of emails with some long-time friends, work is shit as always.

Feel frustrated right now, every cunt thinks they know how I should think and behave. Anybody know how I can get into IT in any way? I'd take first line work, anything at all really, but all the job ads want years of experience in a relevant field, and "family and friends IT support" doesn't look good on the old CV... What IT skills have you got? Windows, Mac and Linux proficient with an emphasis on the last two (my Windows skills could use a polish), shell scripting, Python, currently learning C... Basically my attitude has always been if I can use it or it interests me, I'll learn it. What languages should I go on to learn? Java's easy to learn for quick scripts

HTML+CSS+php will sort you for anything web based. (Js is good too but fuck js)

C++ for industry stuff I did a bit of PHP work about 5 years ago, actually- forgot about that.

I think C++ or Java will be next on my learn list- something object oriented anyway. I reckon you're best to stick with Java, .NET or PHP if you want a job in Glasgow specifically. Come to think of it your best bet is actually to phone up an IT recruitment agency and ask what skills they recommend focussing on based on the areas you are willing to work - all of the following have contacted me with Glasgow jobs and seem to be relatively well regarded: NetTalent, NonStopDigital, PRG, Hudson, NineTwenty, Cathcart Associates.

Give them an honest assessment of your current skills, tell them you're interested in first line work or junior developer work and ask them what they would recommend, it's in their best interests to be straight with you so well worth a call IMO.

I'll PM you about the one I mentioned upthread You're a total star, iso. Should we collide IRL at any point, I'm buying you a beer. A few people I know did IT apprenticeships with a company called QA. They'll find you a position and you're taught on the job.

Downside is that you're paid apprentice wages which is basically fuck all. QA aren't a scam? Their ads sent my bullshit detector off. I'm paid basically fuck all at the moment, and there's the option of keeping evenings on where I am if I did that. Will have a wee skeg at them tonight. QA are arseholes of the highest order. Our apprentices got farmed out to this crowd. Fucking terrible courses they had them on. Very poor at managing the whole thing. Avoid like the plague. Agree. I went in for the IT Sys & Networking apprenticeship, was told I'd get an email *or* a phone call about it the next day. Nothing, fuck all. Ended up getting a phone call about 10 weeks later asking if I was still interested in the apprenticeship while at the time I had already found a full time job.

Load of shite, though YMMV I suppose. What aspect of IT are you looking to get into? I work in programming, and I've found that showing it's not just a job to you can help get your foot in the door. Something like a blog showing off whatever wee programs you've done in your spare time would be good. I'd dearly love to get into programming. I'm learning C at the moment, but I'm still getting my literacy up to scratch. Do you think it's more valuable to have a qualification or can experience alone cut it? Experience trumps qualifications Every time, even if it's just a little. Anyone who says otherwise still programs in Java  Experience alone is fine, but employers will want a lot of it. It's a long road, but I need to travel it. What's your education / employment background? BA in Journalism, ten years working in retail with some freelance work of various sorts. Keen interest in computing, currently learning C, already have a bit of Python/HTML/Bash scripting under my belt. I managed to get my foot in the door with a documentation position a few years back and since then managed to move about it. It could be worth looking around some start ups and smaller companies in Glasgow and sending some emails asking if there are any opportunities for someone looking to get a foot in the door. One thing I have discovered in IT is that there are a lot of people in decent positions who don't originally come from an IT background and are eager to give people chances like they got. Thanks- that's great to know. I've got a mate who got into a firstline support role with no experience, it's just diagnosing windows servers basically, trained on the job and it pays decently. I'll ask him the name of his company  Thanks man :) kindness of strangers, eh? Today isn't all that bad. You guys are most excellent. I love the eclectic lineup that what's on brings up, "Glasgow/Giffnock Rock Choir", right! Away to Iceland for a few days. Catch ye.  Could you pick up some fish fingers and a box of cornettos while you're there.

4 days to pay day...   Just back from there. Star Wars cheese FFS. Any advice for an expat on where to find musicians looking for other musicians?  There's this fb group that might be of some use: https://www.facebook.com/groups/830339656979446/ Post an ad up in some rehearsal studios, joinmyband.co.uk if its still around, dunno if any of the music shops take anything. I think /u/earhacker had a useful post on this subject a while back? Am I thinking of the right person? [Thinking of this?](https://www.reddit.com/r/glasgow/comments/3zdhfk/need_a_female_singer/) Yep! Morning all, hope everyone has a good Monday.  Sad to miss Minus the Bear tonight. Fantastic band.  What is the deal with the Reddit Facebook group for Glasgow?  It keeps coming up on my feed as something I should join. Occasionally someone will post in it asking if anyone would like to go to the pub, short of that nothing really happens.  Almost always /u/sevenofk9 if I'm not wrong. True. Fair enough.  I have noticed that a couple of people I know are part of it, which is weird because I tend to think of all redditors as anonymous internet people, not people I can actually meet in real life (despite having been to a couple of reddit organised meetups). same, I don't reckon I'd bother with a sub meetup tho because "browses /r/glasgow" isn't really a useful thing to have in common with people. Indeed. I'm a subscriber to a couple of makeup subs and have been to two meetups - but we all have at least one thing in common as we all have an interest in makeup in some way.  

I'm sure they are probably more fun than I give them credit for but I wouldn't attend either for the reason you have described. Anyone know why there's police ribbon around the o2 academy?  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-35400024 coders of /r/glasgow - does anyone know if there are any golang meetups or interesting projects going on locally? a colleague and i are thinking of learning it, wondering if there's anything we can go along to. What a shite day. I don't know what I expected to be honest. What was shite about it? I woke up. That's the worst T-shirt and beanie day today. And I was hoping to get some ice climbing done over the weekend as I'm off from work this week. Next opportunity will be in March. Damn.  Weird experience last night; was working and was approached by a guy who just started talking shite. He seemed harmless but a bit confused. He eventually asked me for a lift, which I couldn't do due to insurance rules, but I thought I might order him a taxi or something just to make sure he was alright. Asked where he was going and he got dead cagey and wandered off down Berkeley Street.

Anyone ever met this guy? He sort of reminded me of Sanjeev Kohli. Was a bit concerned about him... sorry mate was on a comedown Wasn't Abdul Rafiq was it? 

He wanders the town some nights talking nonsense to folk. He's got mental health issues. 

Wasn't a great likeness to Sanjeev Kohli the last I saw right enough. 

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2481474/EDLs-Muslim-member-fined-threatening-behaviour-Asian-men-rally.html Nah, I don't think it was. This guy had glasses. Mind you, I've got a spot of face blindness, so I'm not really to be trusted.

 Definitely struck me as having something up with him- was talking about doctors and churches, and asking how to live a good life. Didn't seem aggressive or dangerous, just a little off. It's only 10am and I've got back to work fear. I need a new job. Really? That's baws, is it very stressful?  Aye, but it's the worst kind of job: stressful, but also completely meaningless. Ah, an Eskimo fridge salesman then. Change it mate. Life is too short for wasting your life constantly stressing about something irrelevant: no matter what your circumstances there's a way out and a way to improve. I know the feeling too well...  Yeah, I'm really thinking about doing it sooner rather than later. It was completely shite this time last year and I figured I'd give them time to turn it round, but a year of my life is super generous and fuck all's changed, so it's time to go. Please do. I see it with so many good mates just now and it breaks my heart to see it happen to anyone. 

The thing is, taking the first steps make such a huge difference to mood and outlook that the rest of it becomes far less daunting and you'll wonder why you waited. 

Good luck.  Fuck Sundays. Did anyone hear what sounded like an air raid sirens yesterday, went on for hours? Sounded like it was coming from the west end. You forgot about the ICW Square Go! Watched a guy try to square go 5 neds then drop a shite in the road last night. 6/10. 6/10? PMSL - looking forward to the detailed update  I'm gonna need more details than that. Busy just now but will edit this comment with details later. Spent the majority of last night waiting for a tow truck because my girlfriend can't dodge potholes. RIP wheel. FML. The amount of potholes is a joke ... you get a night of frost and all the roads in Glasgow cave in.

Result of under funding and councils using lowest bid contractors to do all the work. I hit one round the back of Silverburn last year and took pictures and sent it in with a complaint and I got paid for the tyre. Took a couple of months but I got it back. Maybe if we all did that they might actually invest in the infrastructure in this city. Britains used to drive on the left hand side of the road.  

Now we just drive on what's left of the road. Sorry to hear that. Please report the pothole, even if it doesn't help you it'll beinfit others. Yeah, doing so today. BTW, if anyone doesn't know, the council has an app in which you can report potholes and all sorts of others things to them.  You can even send pictures. I've reported a few around here, added photos - fuckers just close them down without fixing it. What's the app called?
 On Android it's called Glasgow CC. Did you get a pic of the pothole? If not go and do it ASAP and report it.  [One of the pictures I took](http://i.imgur.com/au2SkZR.jpg) Fuck me man. Must have been a sore yin.  Bugger me, was she driving through Grozny? This, I successfully claimed the council for a tyre, wheel repair and spring becuase I took loads of pics. Use something to indicate scale, I used a steel rule. Banana for scale, surely? I'm starting to feel guilty walking around having to ignore folk, the amount of homeless sitting around and people trying to sign you up to shit.

The homeless that sit beside cash machines, cmon mannn. I saw a guy in a wheelchair outside the Buchanan Galleries. Barely looked conscious. He was pretty much in the middle of the street with his arm out and cup in hand. There was nobody around with him, it was a bit weird to see. It's brutal right, I would like to help on a level above just giving them change. My work does some stuff with the city mission other than that I would have no idea where to start. It's fucking ridiculous. A low point was walking past Buchanan Street bus station today and the guy who sits outside the car park door had newer, nicer trainers than me. Does anybody know anywhere that sells sugared waffles? Be it fresh or packaged. Been hunting them for a wee while and yet to find any. Birdseye?  I'm meaning the european pastry style ones mate, murder finding them. If it is belgian waffles you're after Asda and other supermarkets sell them, those and Birdseye are the only ones I know. Back in the urban sprawl of Glasgow for the first time in weeks having been in the gloriously quiet and beautiful highlands. 

I'm no oil painting, but stepping off the train at Queen Street really does drive home just how many ugly bastards there are in this city. Even in my 31st year the sheer scale of ludditery sometimes catches me off guard.  Ludditery?
Fuck off ya goon ! Yer da's a goon and yer maw loves it. 

Oh it's fine to be back. really? I've got a terrible feeling I was still pissed when I wrote this this morning, and I'm now beginning to feel quite horrific. Apt punishment for horrendous patter.  I like that you have just about managed to even out the karma you lost from your earlier comment. A good representation of Glasgow. Ad rather be a luddite, than a fuddite Work has banned Reddit in work and my phone gets a shit connection, miss you cunts. Never under stood the point.

If I can't take 5 minutes to wind down I'm less likely to do my job effectively.

I can only look at the same shitty intranet page so many times. The IT guy at my old work was lazy instead of staying where could not go, You could only go to certain URLS but he was lazy about it, So you could only access for example bbc.co.uk but if you made up a url called totoallynotthebbc.co.uk you could access.

I set all my favorite websites into iframe to access them at work. Thankfully, I think the IT boys in my place use Reddit too, so no fear of it getting banned here. http://pcottle.github.io/MSOutlookit/

Click 'New', then type 'subreddit Glasgow'. Click 'Send'. There should now be a 'Glasgow' folder in the Inbox. Click that and it'll load r/Glasgow.

One workaround to browse reddit whilst at work. Having a wee day with the girlfriend today. Kelvingrove museum, drinks, up the road and get her pumped.
Had an interview and offered a job yestetday. Starting Monday. This is what Fridays are aboot! I've just spotted that /r/unitedkingdom have started a daily banter thread. We're trendsetters! They're posting their thread manually like proles though.  SteamieBotAsAService There was some interest in it over in /r/Edinburgh a week r two back. I pointed them in the direction of the Github and said if there were any questions I'd do my best to help. One guy wanted to "genericise" it. Not a terrible idea, but I don't even have the time to do the stuff I want to do to SB, let alone help out with another fork... all he'd need to do is move the weather location ID and gig listings url into the ini, not a big deal really. something more general probably already exists for it tho to be honest, the reason the local one works is because we can hopefully eventually add back in relevant "on this days" and "word of the day"s when we get time. Phone was knicked at the Libertines last night. A quick gander at twitter and it looks like I wasn't the only one.

Still a cracking gig. You don't seem as angry about it as your username would suggest. My username before it happened was HappyHappyScotsman. Krav Maga was good last night, a bit sore and battered but I enjoyed it. 

If you want something that is actually about self defence and defending yourself in the worst case scenario then its pretty effective and straightforward. Not for the faint of heart though as they are actually proper hitting you sometimes in the face and if you are a fella actually trying to kick you in the balls so groin protectors all round.  I like the sound of that, actually. I might need to partake soonish. I love Krav Maga, though it's tough as hell.  It is, not going to lie a few hits brought a tear to my eye but it was refreshing to be able to actually have an outlet for some aggression.  Been tempted to try something like that for a while, keep looking at Muay thai but my reservation is mostly around the intensity of training, I only really want to get moderately fit and learn some basics and take it from there, a lot of these classes seem geared to uber fitness and a career in the UFC. As much as I fancy Muay Thai as well its the fact a lot of folk take it really, really, really seriously that puts me off. I just feel a bit inadequate in the face of that when for a lot of them its the whole world.  That is my reservation as well really, I want to build some fitness and learn some techniques. It seems like your average attendee spends every waking moment trying to build themselves into some sort of  fighting machine. Who hasnt wanted to make a hobby out of getting volleyed in the balls? 

In all seriousness, probs worth a try though, Ill check out my local one. I'm with these guys. I'd recommend them, seem a good laugh and don't sugarcoat it for you. 

http://www.scotkravmaga.co.uk/ Had a wee look, itw a different one from the one Id seen near mine. Wee bit more of a trek for me.

Dont mind getting the odd scud in the head as Im qn idiot anyway. I can't find any prices on their site. :( Just got back from my local Tesco after deciding to make soup.  
A fucking food shop in Scotland during the winter that runs out of fucking lentils should give up and leave it to Spar. There's this asshole sitting near me on the bus shouting as loud as possible on the phone as if he's contacting India.  No manners. Yesterday was not the best day. So far it looks like I lost my keys and went full retard and put wrong pin 3 times while paying in a restaurant and now my card is blocked (don't ask how, I have no answers).  Should be able to take your card to the branch ATM and have it unblocked.

I think. That is what I hope to achieve this afternoon. But it definitely is stupid as hell! Not my proudest moment, haha!  8 degrees? What's happening to the weather? Yesterday it was freezing for fucks sake. Didn't feel like 8 degrees this morning. I'd be in favour of a binary system: Either taps aff or baltic. A binary weather system would probably make life a lot simpler.  http://www.taps-aff.co.uk Actually, /u/IncompetentFox and /u/isopr0p and the other guy, /u/timlardner (?), can we get taps oan/aff in /u/SteamieBot ? Don't even need the heating on this afternoon. Glorious.  So fucking jealous of anyone who went and saw Massive Attack the night... Going to a Krav Maga class tonight for a change. Looking forward to it, though hoping my back doesn't humiliate me by falling out.  Funny you saying that, Im fancying trying that at the one near mine. Something different to do as well as prob quite interesting. Let us know how it goes. I've been looking at a Krav Maga class for a while, although too lazy to go. Will do, I've wanted to do it for years but it was always too expensive. Doing a 6 weekly taster course with the better half to see how we take to it before we commit to anything.  Steamie is pretty dead again today.

Work is pretty boring too. Roll on payday. Thursday. Only one more week till I get paid. This weekend is gonna be grim. I feel your pain, January is the cruellest  month. Think people are too skint to comment on reddit looking at the state of this thread. Nae money for the leccy meter. Is it just me or is the list of stuff that's happening in Glasgow massively increased?  I think before there was only or two things listed above and now there's hunners. It's Celtic Connections  Of course it is! Even the drivers are sick of these new buses, always turn the engine back on straight away when they stop. Almost as bad as when you're in a taxi and he has stop start. 

Lonnnnnnnnnnngggggggggggg, very silent, wait for that green light. Finally got the internet installed in my new flat. 70 meg download, 18 upload. Finally good enough to watch my Plex server on the night shift at work. After about two weeks of the cold mains pipe to my flat causing absolute anarchy every time water was drawn from it the plummer finally found/fixed the cause. My pure euphoria at this being fixed has really put in perspective how old I am getting.  The fact I am currently the top comment with a mundane tale about pluming and getting old and boring really is a testament to how quiet this thread is today. I don't want.  Neither you or another redditor got lifted yesterday then? Nope all good!  The Libertines are tomorrow. Thought I missed a whole day for a minute there. Made the trek over to Edinburgh. Don't want to be the typical Glaswegian that speaks ill of Edinburgh, but let's just say I am glad I was only there for three hours. It's honestly a miserable place. Had to visit a lot when the better half was doing his masters over there. Godawful.  My colleague still comes in to work in shorts. Seen a guy yesterday casually walking with a T-shirt only. Wtf? It's meant to be winter :(.  Steamiebot has been sleeping in recently. The problem has been fixed and he should be up bright and early at 5am from here on out. Learning a new alphabet can really tire a bot out :) Morning steamers.
My chocolate croissant's hot out of the oven this morning. Mmmm.. temperature's no too bad really Jeezo, its quiet in here today... Ah hell, I've over-drafted again. Need tae drag myself over to town now. I recommend http://youneedabudget.com - it's all in dollars but you can change the sign to Â£ and make more relevant categories and then it's all rosy. I've never tried out a budgeting app before. I'll give it a go, it may help. Thanks! I tried money dashboard a while back but it was pretty shite, kept poorly auto-tagging stuff. This pretty much just lets you do your own thing, like a decent spreadsheet would. YNAB is actually really good. I was proper skint before always going into my overdraft or overspending on the credit card. I've managed to save up some money now and I'm pretty chuffed. I'd recommend it.  Anyone been to that CAU place in City Centre?  [Bannan](http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p03fm3s5) is seriously the only redeeming feature of Wednesdays [deleted] Well noticed stat-o. Ach Ive fucked it now. Got caught with an elbow to the eye in training yesterday. It hurts when I blink.  Least it didn't end up like Matt Mitriones eye. Arnica is good for bruising and ice and ibruprofen will help with the swelling and the pain Awk it's not too bad. Wasn't a full contact elbow which I'm very thankful for. Cheers all the same, I'll remember for next time!  u/SteamieBot up early this morning pal! Doesn't look like anybody else is though.

Chocolate croissant for me :) Jealous! I'm having my morning coffee & oatcake. Riveting stuff. Sorry to everyone who thought I was a security risk on the subway today. For those of us who don't take the subway, I think a story is in order. I have a big sack of polystyrene balls to get rid of and I'm meeting another redditor tonight who wants them. They are in a white postal sack and it's fairly big. Got some funny looks when I got on the subway then 2 security people got on at the next stop. They got off at my stop and followed me till I left and stood watching while I walked away. Not that exciting but still slightly funny. TIL that there are security staff on the Subway.  In big hi-vis jackets saying security so they are really subtle. I meant to ask where did you get them, we're they reasonable. I was looking to get hollow fibre for something but after your post the other day I was thinking polystyrene might be good too.  I got them off eBay. Think it was Â£4 for two cubic feet but they came in other sizes. The one I got could be delivered to Argos to collect for free so didn't have to worry about pissing off the postman! It is literally a post sack full of them though, no liner or anything so they will go everywhere unless you're careful.  Cheers, I've started a sewing class so it's handy to know about fillings etc.  Good to know you've found a use for your balls, after all this time. This polystyrene ball fetish is getting out of hand. Throw them away when you're finished, not pass them around. They probably thought you were packing. Going up to Aberdeen this morning for a uni interview, why does it have to be so farrrr  Aberdeen is city sent to punish mortals for their sins. Think of it as hell, but with inhabitants in a worse mood. can confirm, almost got run over by a bus driver Need to wake up early tomorrow as I'm assisting on an interview panel. It feels strange to be on the other side of the table. Just remember they're probably imagining you naked. I hope so ( Í¡Â° ÍœÊ– Í¡Â°)	  I hope you don't work in a school, judging by your username. Not any more, unfortunately. I ended up dropping a uni course last week (an optional one thank god) due to a run in with the course lecturer.  I'm currently sitting in my new choice of Information Retrieval which is way more interesting and probably more useful since Data Mining and Big Data are are heavily discussed in technological circles ATM.

Everything happens for a reason, I guess, so I'd like to thank the lecturer for being totally horrible. The lecture is so boring that you meet your classmates on Reddit. I am not even surprised! 

What course did you drop?  HCI.  I was interested in learning how to design nice and shiny user interfaces but it ended up being not what I expected.

The second hour has been a bit dry.  I'm currently reading juicy shit on /r/relationships. Is it, ever? Three years taught me that HCI is useful but no one can teach you that (not sure if you are MSc student or not, but previous HCI courses in previous years were bad!). I wish they would just pick random software or websites and try to analyse/improve them. It's not the way things work at the uni, though. I'm an MSc student (previously attended this uni in social sciences) so I was not aware that HCI courses here are bad. Fair enough, it seems like there's plenty of MSc students in our classes. I suppose, it's CS related course you are doing, isn't it? Yeah, I'm doing the conversion masters. MSc IT students, dropping HCI since 1994 Haha!  I can see why if it's the same person who has been teaching it since 1994. I'm sure the course has evolved to incorporate all the advances in interface design and implementation since then.

*pffft* To anyone thinking about reading the replies to this expecting anything interesting. Don't.  fuck the train.

does anyone have any info on car parking for free at Govan or Ibrox subway stations? nearby housing estates etc You can park for free on the big wide road that leads to Ibrox, only risk is your car gets pished on during match days.  Parking at Kinning Park is probably the easiest. Twitter is/was down. *dies* Since the start of the New Year I've not touched my phone when I get up in the morning. Used to have the alarm go off and then waste like 10-15 minutes on it swatching facebook etc before getting up. Sacked that and I'm up rapid now, always felt like I was rushing to get to work and now I've got plenty of time.

Read this back and it sounds like something from a self help book. I'm guilty of this shit. Right now in fact. Need to start sleeping with my phone in the other room and buy an alarm clock. I've got my alarm clock in the kitchen next to the kettle. It is the furthest away from my bed I can get it. By the time I run through the flat, I'm reasonably awake and standing next to the kettle. Might as well make a sup of tea. I feel so much better than when I had the phone next to my bed and would hit snooze for the best part of an hour. You feel much better in the morning as well. Can actually set an alarm for when you want to get up rather than factoring in fannying about on phone time.  Yep- used to factor in a few snoozes and would feel groggy and awful for ages after getting up. I'm still not a morning person, but I feel a hundred times better than when I was hitting snooze for an hour! Don't know why people can't be bothered to wipe the snow off the roof of their car. Takes less than a minute.

Also there are two lovely snowmen built near me.  Yeah it's a bit silly driving around with snow on the roof. I remember being in my grandfather's Zafira and a massive wedge of it slid down and covered the windscreen. Thankfully it was as we were braking to go down a side street and not on a motorway or something Someone used my computer when I was out of the office on Friday and they've fucked it. Rage. 

On the plus side, my flowers survived the weekend and are looking lovely! Thanks to all the selfish swine blocking pedestrian crossings and checking their email/texts while driving this morning. Making the day that bit shiter/more dangerous for everyone else. [This will make your day.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92Y4iZ9D8tY) Wish I had the *cojones* to do it sometimes. Fantastic, thanks for posting. Once I was safely across (had to squeeze between the 2 cars) I chapped the window of one of the cars. Driver was sitting, no hand break on, GPS on the window, radio up, iPhone in hand. "Excuse me, you're not supposed to park on a pedestrian crossing, and it's dangerous to be checking your phone while driving." The reply was unexpected "I know, you're right", puts away phone, turns down radio.  What's going on in that vid? It's safe for work if that's what you're asking. Sound isn't essential. Red car is waiting on the pedestrian crossing meaning that pedestrians have to walk on the road to cross. The guy stands there until the car moves behind the crossing. Sore after starting up weightlifting again after a long, long break. 

Ouch Ditto. Broke my clavicle and 4 ribs 8 months ago. Had been lifting 3x/week for about 3 years before that. Started back this weekend and it's agony. Plus my lifts are for shit now.  Good stuff, one day at a time and you'll be ship shape recovery wise again pretty quick :)  Day 6 of Unemployment. I have not missed going to the Job Center one bit, so patronising and they'll give ya everything except help finding work. Fingers crossed I'm back in work soon! If you don't mind having your souls completely destroyed and potentially developing alcoholism, my place are hiring. Living wage, job's shit. bad enough to destroy multiple souls? fucks sake, that's unfortunate. money, i have realised, does not compensate for the shiteness of jobs you do not enjoy. Interview on Wednesday so hopefully it won't be for much longer. luck you. PM'd you :) When they ask what job youre looking for tell them that you want their job, see what they say. Actually in minority that like my job so Mondays aren't terrible but I'm struggling today. Think I'll be booking a flight somewhere today for the summer.  Enjoyed the hell out of unemployment past five weeks but now ive an interview with a strong chance of success. Bittersweet. I'll miss doing fuck all but hanging with my west end squeeze Best of luck mate. Can't remember what I'm doing at work today but I am seeing The Revenant tonight! Hopefully I'll love it. Not my usual sorta film but can't pass up seeing Leo and Tom Hardy on screen together Saw it last night, thought it was excellent. The new food joint Pepe's on Woodland's road aint as fresh as they make it out to be. Noticed they use frozen chicken and frozen onion rings when I ordered a burger last night. Still tasted nice but why say it then? First! It's raining, but it's apparently forecast to turn to snow tonight. Wee shite neighbour weans were wrecking my lawn last night. 'Lawn' sounds quite impressive.

In what way were they wrecking it? Digging it up or what?

Just curious.. Jumping around on the grass, which is pretty soft and prone to ripping. It's no really a lawn, just my grass. I don't mind them playing there if they ask, but the whole family is pretty wild. Their dad also keeps letting his shitey dug crap on my grass, so I'm putting up chicken wire to keep all animals/children out. I'd phone the council about that. I'd rather not, it would just create hassle for me I think. I'll stick with my passive aggression. Fair enough. Ya grass. Haha get it That's my pick for the tune and is in no way intended to be a comment on a certain bot's inability to get out of bed. Did anyone else hear about a train getting set on fire in central yesterday?  I was on the 18:18 to East Kilbride and everyone had to get on a different train and there was a lot of police about I was meant to be getting the train to EK last night; I missed that one by a ball hair and then seen the next only went to Busby, and said was going to do that for a few hours so just went home instead, good to know what happened. Argyle street close also for the day for those who use Glasgow's amazing public transport  Fuck it's early, nothing like my upstairs neighbour blaring her telly through the night again to compliment the subtle tones of the feral child that gets papped on her every friday running and jumping around the flat until 2am. Who really needs sleep anyway, right?

Seems I've got a grand total of two totty scones and half a bottle of rum in the flat, so that'll have to do by way of provisions for my Dragon's Dogma playthrough (until I can order a naan kebab later anyway). My neighbours are characters too, I feel your pain. There is a matriarch mother who communicates only by screaming, a broken shell of a father, a son with significant untreated mental health problems (poor guy) and a wee shitey dug that the dad keeps letting shite on my grass - I'm putting up a chicken wire fence. Last Wednesday afternoon my upstairs neighbour was screaming the chorus to Beck - Loser. It's a great song and all but fuck sake, mate. Pack it in.  Nothing like tenement living to get to know your neighbours. The couple downstairs quit their arguing last night for some Friday night sexy time. Sounded like they were both trying to birth an elephant. Hipster student flat under me had a party last night that turned into a David Bowie tribute act at the 3am. yup, the stoodints are definitely back in force. Had to listen to two of the cunts outside my close arguing over how dogs would wear trousers at fucking 3am. Am getting pished. Breakfast pack and lager in the flat. Good times.  Lager is the breakfast of champs. By champs you mean alcoholics Not hanging for the first Saturday in three weeks so making the most of it: bowl of Cheerios, Saturday Kitchen, shower then walk to Morrisons for soup ingredients.

I'm a wild one. Were they normal Cheerios or honey Cheerios? There's only one right answer here. 100% giving the wrong answer here, but normal Cheerios. Honey are my favourite but honestly I just pick whatever's on offer that day. I'm letting you off only because you know you're in the wrong. I think I might brave the snow for some Cheerios. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqfFrCUrEbY [deleted] It's bloody snowing.  You mean ["It's bloody snowing!"](http://i.imgur.com/x1gojDe.gif) When did that shit start? Pretty sure at 8am when I went to bed there was no snow  About 11ish. Kerbed a wheel a belter after the car slid on a cambered snowy road. At fucking 5mph. At least the tyres alright. Was up Glencoe the day, good to get a few turns in but the visibility was pretty poor. Got a shock to come home to snow, it was clear this morning when we left Sitting in the garage waiting on my car getting its MOT. The showroom is pumping Clyde 1 through crappy speakers. It's too early to deal with this. Oh, Christ. One of the other punters here whistles every time he says the letter S. It's like Chewin' the Fat all over again. Just been pumped for a 2.8 surge on an Uber to the airport. Should've phoned a West End cab but the missus was doing her dinger about being late... I usually book a cab the day before using the Network app. They're always there on time and it's Â£15 from where I am in the west end.  Good shout, will be doing that in future.  Does the snow tend to stop the buses from the Southside into Town? Got a gig this evening and proper don't fancy walking No. Not unless it gets really bad. But the roads have been gritted recently so the snows not lying on the road.   Not one to sound like a grumpy shite... but I hope this snow fucks off for Monday. Any cunt know what time buchanan stops selling monthly tickets need to head in for one but canny be arsed the now. If its for the stagecoach I think they shut a 6. 8 during the week. First but im guessing they shut at the same time thanks man Not 100% sure, but I'd say 4-6pm is yer likely window of closing. I'm on the N60 night bus and I have no idea where we are right now. Probably the arse end of Drumchapel. sry pals slept in I thought you were meant to be automatic, ya dick. Got a healthy 4 hours of sleep last night before I woke up with a soggy pillow and a face soaked and wrinkly like I'd been in the bath.

On the upside I can feel myself recovering from this bout of illness, and my brother has offered to buy me food on Sunday, which is good since I've hardly ate in about 2 weeks due to illness.

Also holy fuck guys it's actually a nice day, if a wee bit cold. Not long until spring. Have you tried sleeping in a chair? I've tried sleeping sitting up in my bed, but that wasn't much help. My current living situation doesn't present any chairs for me to sleep in though unfortunately.

Anyway I'm recovering, so I won't be having throat problems for much longer. Hopefully. Busy tonight but is Propoganda any good for future reference for 18 year olds? I've been going to it for 5 years and it's arguably the best indie rock club in Glasgow.  If you're into that sort of music then go ahead but if you're looking for dance or typical club music / rock and metal music then there are plenty of other places to go. have they changed the playlist yet? I was going a fair amount back in 2010/11. was the same tunes every single night.  they started taking requests like last year which always mixed it up a bit, but the last couple of times I've been it has been quite samey.

Depends on the DJ honestly, sometimes they have guys that play sections of dance music or like 80s and then they have some that stick to the generic 1975 vibe Yeah that sort of music is right up my street. Not really experienced in clubbing but I'm no a massive fan of the atmosphere in Kusion/Bamboo/Kokomo from the times I've been in. as u/sjekky said - it's because they are usually full of cunts.  Although Bamboo does have a semi-decent "indie" room which plays a mix of indie and pop, usually empty though.

If you're out on a Thursday I think you'd enjoy "Camden Rocks" at Firewater too.  People usually think of it as a place to pre-drink but it plays great indie/rock tunes right through til 3 which mixes it up a bit from Propaganda! Also, 79p vodkas. That's just a polite way of saying it's full of cunts  i've been feeling fucking shite all week, totally listless. it's miserable. i need to find something interesting to do. can't concentrate on this boring pish. Oh no, miserable isn't good. What's up, man? Currently jamming away to the tune of the day. I've changed it cause it didn't work right for some reason, think cause a bunch of folk sent in multiple requests perhaps?  (It used to be Rick Astley for anyone wondering, the default song when no submissions are made.) Dont know how easy a feature it would be to implement but it would be cool if when there are no submissions it defaulted to the top post on /r/ScottishMusic  Superb idea, not too hard to do either! Thanks, I was thinking it might encourage a bit of traffic to that sub as well.  It's a good sub- /u/stilldontknow2 runs a tight ship! I really enjoy it and I should try contribute more. I am fairly clued in so tend not to see much I dont know but its a great resource to anyone looking to discover more. Beyond my knowledge grade to implement this but my fellow mod u/aarogrammer is the man to talk to.  I might have time over the weekend to look at it myself, though it depends on how hingin' I am tomorrow. No probs. If you need any permissions let me know. Anyone been to the bier hall on sauchiehall street?  Any good? It was called Cocktail and Burger but that has also closed.  Not sure if it's now something else. I don't think that's a bier halle any more.  It was really popular a wee while ago but has fallen away a bit. 2 for 1 pizzas and loads of beer, I'm sure it'll still be good.  the bratwurst is really good but its quite expensive. Even the 2 for 1 pizza tastes nice but even then its overpriced and not really worth it tbh. also its moved to Gordon street now I think. Uft my train home literally smelt like someone planked a massive block of blue cheese in the radiator, then decided to cancel out the smell with a beefy fart. It's bad news when it 1degree outside and you're sitting with the whole carriage windows open. On plus side I didnae have to lapdance anyone to get out my seat, as most people opted to move carriages. I deserve a bastarding medal.  Currently jamming away to the tune of the day. This week is turning into a shiter, first Bowie now Rickman. Cunts! Otis Clay last week as well :( Some people are coming around 9am to fit a carpet, I am currently trying to finish painting the room.

So not going to be done. You still looking for old pcs and laptops? Dunno about /u/Zumodoki but I'm still lookin for an old PC. Unless /u/dheidshot is still in! I have a pretty old Acer Aspire. I put new parts in it (low spec) a few years ago. It broke and I replaced the mobo, CPU and ram. I have no use for it at all. /u/zumodoki has dibs, i'm not gagging or anything. Didn't they make /r/glasgowmarket for this?!?!

^^/s Don't paint the skirting boards.  Off to Edinburgh for work, and a date tonight with an Edinburgh local. I am not going to enjoy today. Don't worry mate, she probably won't either. *He Just got an above average salary increase and an extra week of annual leave. Yaldie! Today's grand plan: drive MrsFox to the doctors, tidy back bedroom, go to the East Kilbride skate park with her, cut hair with the clippers I bought the other day, keep learning C via the ALISON course I'm doing. If anyone can give me the reason for pointers, I'd love to know- best I can gather is that they're there to make up for data types that aren't native to C, like arrays? I feel like I understand how they work but not why not I'd use them. I think we know each other, did I return you a memory card? I'm not sure. Recently? Approximate location? Couple years ago, you had left it in my camera at Unit 23.  Don't think it's me I'm afraid! Only moved to Glasgow about eleven months ago. MrsFox would prefer it if you learned D. She likes a bit of Python, actually. Kinky. /r/learnprogramming  This talk of pointers just gave me war-style flashbacks.  Currently en route to Newcastle for a client meeting. Fuck it's snowy down here, bit jealous. Thats a spectacular tune of the day. Guess i'll have to dust off the "in for the kill" vinyl. 
Both today's and yesterday's were mine. I've been on a bit of a nostalgia kick lately and have discovered that the bot really likes what I suggest (or nobody else bothers). It's that time again folks.

I haven't slept at all for about 3 nights and am currently afflicted with tonsillitis. Worst part is, every time I do try and sleep on my side I wake up with half of my face and pillow soaked with my own saliva.

Fuck sake. Keep an extra pillow beside the bed, switch the pillow when you soak one. I'm no saying have 100, just switch so you can get back to sleep without the hassle. Also, take solphidine max from the pharmacy before you go to bed, it'll sort the pain out and make you a bit more drowsy so you're less likely to wake up. Only take it if you need it but, the stuffs toxic. I don't know what I did, I think between 2 and 6 I managed 4 hours, which was miraculous. I was prescribed some effervescent co codamol from the GP, that shit is truly toxic so I'm sticking with firing in about the penicillin and difflam spray.

Cheers man ðŸ˜· Sounds stupid but when my sister had tonsilitus she had that. Ended wearing a scarf round her jaw as a pillow.

She looked like an idiot but she stands by that it helped her sleep. I've just taken to getting micro sleeps at this point. Had it for 8 days now, the last 3 have been the worst. Maybe the doctors will cut me up if I ask nicely. i keep falling asleep in the middle of the day and waking up at 2AM, it's hell. are those trucker pills they sell at Home Bargains any good for anything? also, can anybody identify [this huge bird](http://imgur.com/KGXeovg) that showed up in our back garden? Looks like a buzzard mate. Where are you? It's definitely a buzzard. thanks! we're around Kelvindale / Anniesland - we occasionally see deer and things outside too, which comes as kind of a surprise after having lived in Govanhill for twenty years I've seen some pretty sizeable wildlife around Govanhill... Same area, Millhouse, see a lot of sparrow hawks about as mentioned above. SparrowHawk? My mum has one that appears in her garden to occasionally rip apart the odd pigeon. I think you are right! Saw one kill a pigeon once ðŸ˜” X  Fuck me it's cold today, winter has started at last then! Ok all my exams for uni are done. Just need to finnish a course work and that's me. Was put on hold for around 30 minutes before I managed to speak to someone from the student loans.

What makes it worse is that I recently went from a monthly sim contract to a payg one. *weeps*

The lady from SLC wasn't helpful either.  Got the train at Hyndland today and wondered why there are double glazed windows on the bit that goes over the platform? There is no roof, so they sem a bit redundant. Just what they had hanging about, we reckoned.  I've needed a haircut for about 2 weeks now, and I work in a professional environment. Really starting to rip the arse out of it now but I just CANNOT be fucked getting it done lol Yip me too, although I'm in a more casual work environment so I can pull off the cannae be arsed look and people thing it's intended. I'm  lassie to boot so my roots are starting to look like a dip dye. Count yourself lucky it's no a full day in the hairdresser's malarkey like myself. And at least Â£100 into the bargain. I don't make for a good female at times.  Gentlemans Barber - Byres Road.

Â£10 and some good banter, been going for 2 years now. Cheers mate, I've just been using city barbers for the sheer convenience of it. Might have to check that one out  Wake up this morning to find out they're partially closing Queen Street for *five months*. I can't get my drivers license fast enough, fucking hell... This would only really affect you if you use one of the high level services, such as the Anniesland -  Queen Street line or the High Level Edinburgh train.

I am a more frequent user of the low level trains so this closure doesn't affect me too much.  I use both a lot. It's going to be fucking grim.  Going to make the low level trains really busy though. True, but it doesn't affect my overall ability to get about.   May affect your overall ability to remain sane.  If you think driving/parking in town is all sunshine and butterflies your going to have a bad time... No spaces, then 60p for 12 minutes when you find one, NCP scams, bus lane traps everywhere, pedestrians running out in front of cars, traffic lights and long delays over short distances. He'll be wishing he took the train! Day aff still no sleeping. Got the landlord coming today. Should be fun, as I own rats and I recently upgraded to a cage big enough to fit all Fritzels grandweans/weans in it, without telling them I bought it. Oh well hey hoo  Pretty certain that the no Animals rule only really applies to Elephants. I'm allowed animals, just think that perhaps I over shot the mark with the cage size.  > t perhaps I over

If it can fit a person claim it is for extra curricular activities. Meh that only really affects you. He should not care what you do with the space as long as it isnt affecting the state of the flat.  Aye, landlord is my brother in law parents, so my sisters been complaining about it herself(but that might be because she's one of these weirdos that don't like pets)  they're decent landlords so should be OK.  As long as the rats are paying their council tax ... ;) Probably pay more council tax than most of my neighbours  Scotrail, bite my wire! That'll be another PS4 fucked. Fuck sake Boab. True...a wire would be easier to replace mind you! Still hate my dug!  I'm just off to do a maths exam. 

Thank fuck for formula sheets.  Good luck and enjoy your drink afterwards.  Thanks. That pint of soda water went down a treat. You maths guys really know how to party. Going by my performance I'm anything but a maths guy.  Anyone know of a printer in the city centre where I can print my CV? My printer stuffed it and I need a copy! Try any of the libraries: there's one in the basement of the Gallery of Modern Art in Queen Street, and there's the Mitchell at Charing Cross. Lost my job yesterday, it's weird to wake up and it be daylight. Anyone know of anywhere recruiting admin / office jobs? Can't afford to be out of work for too long! Try orchard and shipman in Kinning Park. They need some but aren't advertising. You could try temp agencies. Good for the short term and could lead to something permanent. Good luck! That's what I had my last job through, any besides Office Angels you could recommend signing up with? Hays and PrimeStaff are both good at placements. Kellys, sign up for them all.  Having a crappy day today. Breakups still suck. 

What do you all do for fun? I need some ideas for hobbies when I'm feeling better.  Breakups are shite, the only way to get through them is like a grief process; it hurts, but it is healthier to do it this way. Take your time. I second dancing as a great way to meet people. I did salsa for 4 years and it has a great social scene. Thanks. It's been two weeks tonight and it does hurt. I had a few days where I was like yeah, It hurts, but I can do this, maybe. But these last couple of days have been unbearably awful. 

I feel so pathetic because I know other people do this and get through it fine but I'm really not. I never thought I'd have to.  yeah they do get through it but not after two weeks, and not two weeks after a super long term relationship. don't be so hard on yourself. i'd definitely be the same. Thank man. I guess not. Not really sure how I should be feeling, family are acting like I should be totally fine by now.  It hurts like fuck. My previous solution has been to be very very busy until it stopped hurting. But this hasn't worked for me. So this time I dealt with it properly, I'm a counsellor, when it happened I was a trainee. I had a couple of counselling sessions which helped. But when I needed to cry I did. I mourned and grieved the end of my relationship and would have taken him back in a heartbeat. But I came out the other side wiser and emotionally healthier. Rely on friends, be kind to yourself and believe that it does (eventually) get better. Some days are unbearable, some are ok, some are good. Let it work its way out. It is a form of grief and grief takes time. Take the time. You will be much heallthier and happier in the long run.  That it does. I'm waiting for an appointment for therapy just now, that I'd referred for before this happened, and I actually can't wait to get started on it. It's more to be for anxiety and phobia but I'm hoping they can help with this too, or at least point me in the direction of who can. I don't have anyone else to rely on, which sucks, and I would take him back in a heartbeat but I guess it is important for us to get emotionally healthy on our own (as much as I would have preferred to do it with each other's support). The last few days have been unbearable but today seems a bit more ok.  I swing dance!  It's a small but vibrant community.  I've made a fair few friends through it. When we gonna get snow?  You don't really want snow, everything starts to become like Skepta and shuts down as soon there is a whiff of snow in the air. Snow is for people who live in the suburbs.  It's my birthday :-D

I got Lego. All is well.  Happy birthday! Lego is awesome, what did you get? Happy cake day /u/Earhacker.

Happy real life cake day /u/what_katy_did. And I've just had roses delivered to the office! Spoilt.

Happy cake day! Glad I got the address right. I got the Lego Architecture Eiffel Tower and an F1 pit stop kit :-D The architecture kit is really good, best one after Falling Water imo. Sad as it is, Im Lego daft.

Happy birthday :) Same! My most treasured gift is surprisingly a star wars figure, must be a good 10 year since I got a toy for my birthday. Happy birthday!

It must be a few years since I actually got anything to open on my birthday! Parents always just send money and ex could never think of anything so just took me shopping. New bf is doing well! Happy birthday! Scotland is pure shite at 5am in the winter, just noticing how isolating the darkness is, if this was June I'ld just get up go get ready, dae something  and feel like I've achieved a goal by this time. Instead I'm lurking aboot in the dark kidding on I can sleep if I try harder.  Good news for gym goers. It seems the new years craze has already died down, well at least at my gym. Though I hope that any one that made such a resolution here, keeps to it!  >Temperature: Baltic

SteamieBot is rapidly becoming one of us. They grow up so fast. WTF does it even mean by Baltic?  Exceptionally cold, as in the Baltic Sea. Ah, OK. Thanks :) Where's /u/Veloglasgow when you need him? Been drunk and/or working since Christmas. I'll step up to the mark soon!  Currently drunk.  Light rain / baltic could still be Glasgow in July. 2 weeks today til I get paid. I'm telling people I'm walking to work for the health benefits but in reality I can't justify the train fare. 

In better news, I'm going to my friends for dinner tonight and him and his boyfriend always make the best meals so it's not all tragic for me, haha.  Ashes to Ashes was always my favourite Bowie track, but not one I could put on Facebook yesterday for fear of looking like a needlessly ironic twat. Kudos to whoever picked it, kudos to /u/SteamieBot for randomly selecting it.

First day back at work for me after a week off up in Skye. Might have appraisal to look forward to when I get there. Talk about a buzzkill. Happy cake day you fat plamf. Ashes to Ashes was 'our song' for my first real relationship. In retrospect, I should have paid more attention to the subtext.

Good luck with the appraisal! After the rip off train to Edinburgh yesterday I drove today. Fucking shite. Left at 6, max 40mph all the way along the M8. 

I think I just need a new job. I'll be doing the commute to Edinburgh 2-3 times a week in my new job. Not looking forward to it :( It wasn't too bad when they shut the tunnel at Falkirk last year, but the other high level trains were running...  Or move? :(

I was considering a job over there but did not want to move... Glad I never took on the commute as no amount of 'relaxation' podcasts would enable me to handle the hassle of it. To Edinburgh? Steady on...

Also the wife works in Glasgow so I'm just making this work. I had the same situation- she in Glasgow, I Edinburgh. If I could offer you one piece of advice it'd be don't move to Wishaw as a compromise. Solid advice. Yeah... same. The pay is a lot better and if you're in tech the jobs are a lot more interesting. Couldnae hack that every morning though. No chance Stupid close to texting the ex (*sob*).

Not doing it because I'm afraid any response will make me cry and not want dinner, and my dad is already away to pick up Chinese. Priorities, eh?  Morning all. I'm working from home, which would usually be great, but it's pish today because there's people drilling outside. I'm working from work, it's pish because after standing on a crowded train, then getting on a crowded bus (total journey time an hour and 20 minutes) I get to answer the phone for a little over minimum wage, for 8 hours, surrounded by utter dickheads. You enjoy your drilling, use it as an excuse to pump Bowie and dance about. It could be much, much worse. >an excuse to pump Bowie 

Easy now... I'm not into necrophilia but I'm pretty sure you couldn't even pump an ascended God anyway. 

Fuck I miss Bowie. Went to see Star Wars and loved it. We went to the 5.30 showing at the Cineworld in Renfrew Street, there were less than 20 people there. Uninterrupted view of the screen. It was almost like being so rich that I could have a cinema screening just for me! Anyone know why the subway was particularly heaving today?
Got off the inner at Buchanan Street about 8.30 and the platform was mobbed. Huge queue all the way up the stairs too. Never seen it that bad! Students are back in uni this week, could be that whole "Alright, I didn't make it in on Monday, but FROM TODAY I will attend all my classes."

It'll be back to normal by Thursday. First day for students back at uni, new years resolution to show up to 9am lectures? It'll die down in a week. I applaud their burst of enthusiasm.  I got on the subway on the inner slightly after that time and it was also mobbed. When I went down it was like 8 minutes til next train so that'll be the reason, usually it's a 2 minute service in the morning. Must be doing maintenance or have power issues or some other shit. It was good fun trying to balance about 50 cupcakes in two massive boxes. Killer hangover and decided going to training was a great idea. Currently eating my weight in tuna pasta and contemplating life.  Got my second Uni exam tomorrow not looking forward to it. [David Bowie has died](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-35278872) I enjoy his music but am not a crazy fan.

Been listening to an [old radio documentary](https://archive.org/details/AdamBuxtonOnDavidBowie31stMarch2013) for the past hour, that Adam Buxton did for 6music and it's been very enjoyable and enlightening. I don't follow David Bowie's life all that much, I thought he was OK considering he released an album last week.  So to me, this is surprising. Train fare up in price again... Again? Went up on the 1st. Well this is the first time I have noticed  Is that today?  I assumed it would have been on the 1st. Don't wanna be the dick with no enough money for my train fare.  I think so, can't remember the price being different yesterday Cool, cheers for heads up my fare is 4.90 so only normally have a fiver with me.  Â£23.30 return to Edinburgh. I'm driving tomorrow. Fuck it. that's fuckin' ludicrous. cunts will still pay it as well, worst part. No choice too often. Weather in not pissing down shock. Bet you it ain't dry all day though :( Waking up to see Bowie has passed away is such a shitty way to start my week. Sitting at my desk listening to Earthlings feeling bummed out now :( Yasssss 1st comment again, another night of my eyes staring oot my heid. Need to start utilising my time between 12am and 5am better than looking through Instagram or refreshing my reddit front page. Only a few dreaded hours until the alarm goes. Joy!  Mate how are you alive? Barely, been like this since new year. I always complain there's not enough hours in the day. Take that back, the hours between 11pm-6.30am is comparable to an eternity. I'll be smelling words and hearing colours at work today. On another note a very sad day for Music with Bowie dying.  Holy Shit, I did not imagine this was how I would find out that David Bowie died.

I feel your pain though, working in Dubai at the moment and my ability to sleep seems to be severely compromised. Shit, sorry! Sure it was posted above before I did. Maybe different subreddit. Oft if I had to add heat into this combo I would be climbing the walls. I normally pass out in minutes,  it's not like I had anytime off over the holidays (with except of xmas/new years day)  Hahah dont worry it definitely was posted before, I just saw I had stuff in my inbox and checked that first. Bad sleeping habits are totally a self perpetuating cycle as well, once you break out of it hopefully it will be easier. I managed to completly inverse my body clock over the holidays, after one week of struggling to get into work I get shipped to Dubai where my body clock took another hit. I picked 3am this morning to decide to get into Bowie starting with his new album, after enjoying the occasional hits of his now and then. wtf.

Nice wee album too.  That is pretty bizarre. I have never been his biggest fan, don't get me wrong I love some of it but never really embraced some of the glam rock stuff. I have embraced it a bit more as I got older though. Defo an artist worth spending a bit of time with though. Slept for all of 3 hours last night but still walked the hour long trek to work,listening to Bowie the whole way. 

Pretty gutted but what a legacy. Catching the train to Edinburgh tomorrow morning. Anyone else heading that way want a train buddy? Subcrawl update; excluding Shields Road and West St, we managed to do the whole thing in 6 hours with 16 people. I am really chuffed that we managed it.

Absolutely dying now though. Worth it.  Light Rain? Never knew rain was so white and fluffy looking It usually stays on the ground a bit longer and gets a bit deeper though First time I have ever been awake to see this thread in its infancy, helps I am in a different time zone but I still feel like its an accomplishment of some description. Buff for the birthday was brilliant. Personal highlight was when Nutbush City Limits came on and I sent my pals off the dance floor one by one till I picked a winner. I'm easily amused. Can anyone on the south side spare a few minutes to give me a jump start? None of my neighbours have cables and using my charge pack hasn't worked. Left my car in the cold for a few days without turning it over, so hoping its just the battery and not the starter motor too. I was gonna go out for a wee stroll but just saw the forecast for the rest of the day. Fuck that, I'm no amphibian! But it's only light rain according to /u/SteamieBot! :p It has poured all night and is still going! But at least it's cleared all the snow!! Yeah, just back from a run... It was pretty miserable :( Our boiler is rattling like fuck any time we try to turn the heating  on. It sounds like it needs bled, like a dodgy old radiator. I'd try bleeding all our radiators but fuck knows how, it doesn't have the normal wee valve. Hot water works fine. Should I phone: a) Letting agent (shut on Sunday); b) npower (our utilities company); or c) scottish gas?

quite fucked off wi this hoose. Every month a new thing goes wrong. Mine did that till I figured out the flue wasn't attached properly, pushed the flue pipe in a bit, problem solved ill gie it a bash. Probably best to leave it til tomorrow and call the letting agents, unless you have some sort of boiler cover with NPower or anyone else. That said, any issues with the house should be dealt with by the landlord if you're renting so you wouldn't be paying for any repairs or maintenance. i reckon you're right. in related woes i just looked at my last bill, estimated gas usage is in the 9000s when the actual meter reading is 7800. no gas bills for me for a wee while. If you just call them up and give them the actual readings on your meters (assuming you're with them for both gas and lecky), they'll amend the billing and you will probably get a nice surprise in how much of a difference the balance shows. I always give them because they need them to ensure they bill you correctly. aye, we were good at it at my last place but the gas meter is outside here, and we need to ask the business next door for a key to get in, so... been pretty lazy. lesson learned. Wondering if anyone could give me advice on which pubs in the city centre are wheelchair accessible?

I'm organising a Scottish meetup for another sub and was wanting to make sure everyone can be included. The Disabledgo website for Glasgow might be helpful

http://m.disabledgo.com/places-to-go/venue-search-results?campusid=e4729bbe-49e8-410f-b244-c6e7e2d14778&subdivisionids=b5c8069d-2f35-4eaf-a7e2-2deca3f0895c&categoryids=7188ce33-7ab7-4ac6-9c88-b58a469bd648&searchterm=glasgow+city+council&displaylocation=glasgow+city+council&displayterm=public+houses+%26+bars
 This is helpful!  I will have a look later on and maybe give a ring round.   Thanks! Embarking on my first ever subcrawl later today. We're starting at 4 so I reckon there's no way we can get round the entire thing. Still, should be fun and means I can tick it off the Glasgow bucket list.  4pm is super late for finishing unless you are running it like a military operation - always a laugh though. We actually managed the whole thing, finishing before 10pm (with the exception of Shields Road and West St). Yes, there was military precision, and a lot of downed drinks. Grand fun though.  Hahah, I think I know the guy who's birthday your celebrating. Enjoy! Maybe it's just some excuse for drinking? They were right. It was  birthday celebration.  Ah memories, my mate ran up a down escalator and broke his knee. I'm sure other things happened too. Grabbed one of my mates and pulled him away as he was pissing onto the line. 

As in, dick out, urinating directly onto the electrified line. Dude is a fucking doctor now.  The elec one is the far away one in the stations?  Some stream that. Narrow guage tracks, yo'. There was also some other fucknut walking down the length of the tracks.

Also now a doctor. Worrying. Fucking hell, actually on tracks?  :D Yep. Spastic. Was at a very civilised nibbles and drinks thing last night and got completely Oliver Reeded. Other half informs me I was alright, but I've got the fear something rotten. Oliver Reeded?   Totally Gascoigne'd. Utterly Hasselhoff'd. Ah, I get it now. Surely the world hasn't forgot Oliver Reed that quickly? Of course not, but it's strange to hear him used as a euphemism for being wasted.  26th birthday yesterday started as a few pints, ended in ABC which is apparently the best place to go to make sure yourself feel even older when you're already feeling old. 

Actual birthday night tonight at Buff so praying I get a nap in beforehand because am I fuck still able to do this shit twice in a row.  Happy birthday! Wishing you a manageable hangover. Thanks! The hangover magically disappeared when I started drinking again. This morning's might be a challenge to get rid of though.. Bought one of those Jawbone thingmaboabs. This whole weightlifting get fit malarky just got real... Is that just like those fitbit wans? Or is it more weightlifting oriented?

Also good luck with it! Lifting is awesome :) It's the same idea yeah. Despite my back being a bit dodgy after our car  crash the doc thinks I can rebuild the strength in my back starting off small with lifting weights. 

I'll try anything as it's as limp as a noodle.  Working all weekend so I thought I'd make it better by going to grab a Breakfast Burrito on my way to work only to find Taco Mizama and Pinto are both closed in the mornings? :( I love this City but its severely lacking in places that do Breakfast Burritos You mean like a wrap filled with eggs and mushrooms and other breakfasty stuff, or do you actually just want a chilli burrito for your breakfast??

If it's the latter I feel for yer toilet... It's a burrito with scrambled egg, pinto beans, this really tasty spicey diced potato, some salsa and some Chorizo. Banging breakfast when you're hungover! I get used to get them all the time from Tortilla when I worked near London Victoria Ooft that actually sounds excellent, I could go one of those. Pinto in Gordon St used to be open for breakfast but it just opens at the same time as the others now. [deleted] Yeah everyone is driving like such a wimp going around and not crashing.  Nah, town is fine. No snow at all. Apparently snow has a psychological effect on bus drivers too. Attempted to wave down the X11 in Motherwell yesterday, driver saw me and just continued driving past. The fuck is up with First drivers? Flying to Dubai for work today, pure not feeling it. I may be mad, but I get the feeling that you're not feeling it. Cant comment on your mental soundness otherwise but your intuition is spot on.

Edit, just noticed this is probably because my phone somehow managed to post it three times....but aye the repetition was a pretty accurate indication of how much I did not want to go.  Wee gander at a show at the Glasgow Print Studio then G.O.T Risk tonight. Happy Saturday! Was just offered a temp-perm role in my preferred industry in the middle of town. Yay me! Much better than this dead ended temp role in a shitty building, in a shitty part of town, working with shitty people. Congrats!  Thanks! :D Congats, sounds like you're wading out of a pile of shite :p That's a nice way to sum up the NHS ;) Finally it's winter instead of extended autumn. Icy as fuck today folks, take it easy on the roads. Or turn off the traction control and engage in controlled drifting. Not that I'd condone that kind of behaviour. Took a dive over the handlebars at 7am due to ice. Morning! My traction control was the hardest working thing in Glasgow this morning. I maybe need to be less aggressive on the acceleration. My car doesn't have it and it's a total hoot- lift-off oversteer everywhere. The work van has it, and it'll allow some slip before the ESP kicks in and stops you totally stuffing it. 

There is a way to turn it off entirely, but it involves rituals, incantations and infant sacrifice, and I'd only fuck up and crash anyway. At at 5am this morning and it was like an ice rink. Think its taken everyone by surprise as its been so mild as there weren't any gritters out last night as far as I know.  There was definitely a gritter round my neck of the woods last night. Weird, because they often forget about us.  Typical, usually we are first to be gritted because of the school but nothing.  Sorry about the delay getting this posted. SteambieBot must have been a bit hungover this morning.

Also, I've fixed the bug that was stopping it from posting. Shouldn't happen again. Aw, looks like we both did it at the same time haha, I'm just after pushing a fix up to github.  What was the problem? The weather code had a bunch of 'if's to work out what it was going to say about the temperature. It had something '>0' and something '<0', but if the temperature was 0 it wasn't defining the output string and the code was crashing. Yup, my bad. Sorry everyone! so you ARE incompetent after all The name wasn't an accident! So you ARE competent?  ParaFoxical. Rough today, was up the Arlington last night, still less than Â£3 a pint, love that place!  Gas line into our building was low on pressure so we've no gas while they fix it. We have an electric shower and they gave us some heaters (though I'd rather layer up cos those things basically burn money.)

Thought last night "at least this happened now and not next week when apparently it's getting cold"

This morning we had to scrape ice off the car and I think my blood froze getting out of bed.I hope they fix the gas soon! Have They got it fixed? if it's out for over 24 hours they have to give you compensation. Ours has been out since yesterday and they are giving us Â£30.
 

 Nope :( Last night was very cold! Nobody has mentioned anything about getting money back either so now I'm suspicious! I would definitely contact them about that as they told us it was the standard amount for someone who is out of electricity for  24 hours Had an initial consultation for therapy today. Hate that I need it but I think I do. And they agreed. Could be waiting up to five weeks for an appointment though :| nothing to be ashamed of. better to do something about it, right? No,I'm suppose not, although it is in the wider world. Won't see me admitting it on my facebook or anything. Definitely better to be doing something about it though, I'm gutted it could take so long.  Never seen such a quiet day for gigs in Glasgow! Anyway It's mad busy at work as we're moving office so I'm doing my day to day duties / packing up 3 full stationary cupboards into crates. Going to have to work full hours tomorrow and Sunday instead of seeing my pals / watching football. Fuck sake.  Went to see Star Wars; they want to be thoroughly ashamed of themselves. Complete rehash of the first one, with worse storytelling, unoriginal scenes and ideas, shallow characters and millions of plot holes. Yer maw has millions of plot holes. I liked it but yeah it was ridiculously similar to A New Hope.
Didnt bother me though. I liked the fact that it was similar. I rewatched A New Hope just before going to see The Force Awakens and it was awful. Felt like a 5 year old was holding the camera for the whole film. Alien Ant Farm fucking hell there's a blast from the past. Also it's my first day back at work and I can't get out of bed. Fucked it already. Spotify today had a throwback playlist, with a tape logo, documenting the year 2006.  What. Tbf it always has the tape logo Wouldnae say it was light rain, I just swam to work First day leaving the house by myself since last week's breakup. I'm wearing shorts (partly because I have work, partly because I figured my legs will get wet but I won't be in soggy trousers all day). Realised too late I still have the Christmas ribbons in my shoelaces. 

On the upside, the bus driver let me on for nothing.  Light rain? Is it fuck I'm away to Skye for the weekend. See yis! Enjoy!  Careful on drive up as for it's all beautiful it's a hard shift, plus takes fuckin' ages even compared to what Google Maps will tell you. Agree, did it once, as much as I liked Sky it is such a pain to get to compared to other parts of the country.  Had my working day opened up today, so I am debating whether to waste it on reddit or Netflix.  Mate it is 2016 learn to multitask.  I'll be painting too so can only commit to one thing that distracts me from actually being creative, and aye it 2016 so that means I can barely make it through 20mins of a task before my attention goes. It's a modern day curse.  20 Mins! I havent had that sort of focus since 2009! What can I say I'm like Jedi style zen master......sometimes I even remember my maws maiden name. Bus never showed up today so I was 25 minutes late and got soaked. Not how I like to start a Thursday morning tbh Worth pointing out, as the SteamieBot hasn't picked up on it but the trains between Glasgow and Carlisle will be cancelled until the 1st of February due to a bridge needing urgent repairs somewhere along the line. This means that if you're trying to travel between Scotland and England down the West Coast line, you're shit out of luck. Happily, however, Scotrail don't query you when you use your ticket to go to Edinburgh and travel down the East Coast instead. And I believe you'd be eligible for a full refund on your ticket, too. 

Anyway... it was lovely to be home for Hogmanay and all that. Back in London now.. load of shite. My train to Manchester is on the 1st of February, good thing its not a day earlier of I'd be fucked  Keep your eyes on it matey; I was keeping a close eye on it while I was up because I was coming back on the 6th. At the start it said the 4th of Jan, then the 8th and now the 1st of February - so it must be a pretty big problem. So aye, keep up to date with it! I'll cross my fingers for you. Ah shite, you can get a train from Edinburgh to Manchester though right? You would probably have to get the East Coast Virgin train to York and then switch out to a train or bus leading to Manchester.  At that point Megabus is more convenient, its a sad day when Megabus is the most convenient option.  Truer words ne'er spoken. Everyone travelling south has [this](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-t0ljyySSPLw/UpTvAH8w7pI/AAAAAAAAATY/vdoN48TBL2Y/s1600/go-home-bus-youre-drunk-meme.jpg) to contend with until then I wish it was as good as that; I had a couple of very drunk men sit by me on my way home last night. One kept falling asleep on me.. so annoying. Cunts that pay for their Â£2 train ticket by card at queen street in the massive morning queue... That is the perfect use case for 'contactless' payment. Blame ScotRail, not passengers. There are no ticket machines at any station on my line where most of the passengers get on; there is no contactless payment support; there are not enough conductors to take payments actually on the train. Oh and no automated ticket machines on the rail-side of the barriers. Full things a fucking mess, there shouldn't even be queues. The conductors on the trains don't take Visa cards either, and half the stations don't have cash machines so you're fucked unless you go to the ticket machine or manage to take cash out somewhere before your journey. Not too bad if it's a couple of quid but for the longer and more expensive journeys it does my head in. It's not the visa cards, it's Bank of Scotland cards last time I checked I have to say I have never had any problems with them accepting my Visa card.  Aye they do! they take visa fine, you just need to phone your bank n get them to authorize them to do so. iirc they dont take delta / switch / visa electron but i don't think many banks still issue them so you could again go to your bank and ask for a proper visa card if thats the issue. I agree, Partick is particularly bad, there's always about 10 glekit staff talking about their weekend whilst the queue builds up with no ticket machine whatsoever, I'm all for keeping people in jobs but I at times they're useless. There's plenty of space in this station for rows of machines (although don't underestimate how dumb customers can be using them) I use my card and it's faster than some of these tits that want to take up all the servers time with inane questions or fishing about to pay in dross. I never get why people have issues with card transactions unless you are using a streamline machine that connects through the phone line it's faster in my opinion. But I'm always up for a good scotrail bashing. I wonder how I never got the job when I applied a few years back.  Partick is the worst, the contrast with the subway tickets in the same station is glaring! Aye I rarely see them being used too, I'm guessing it's more prominent during rangers games.  I generally blame Scotrail for everything, don't worry. Surely given how shite the whole situation is though, you'd make the effort to have a couple of quid in cash to speed the whole process up a bit. 

The one time I did happen to forget cash and attempt to use my card it was declined because of some offline payment pish. The Scotrail gent took great pleasure in telling me I had to go back down onto the platform and get the lift up to queue for the high level cash machine, after already queuing for a good 10 mins. 

It would lent annoy me so much but I could throw a stone at my office from queen st.  Aye, not used the trains much since I moved closer to a subway station. Mind blowing how terrible the ticketing service is compared to the smart card/ticket machines available for the subway. 

Hyndland station has one machine and an office, Kelvinhall subway (which is pretty small), has two machines, an office and most people bypassing both because they have money on their smart cards. Fuck.Trains. **My two step plan for reducing costs and improving efficiency on Scottish Railways.**

* 1. Install smartcards.
* 2. Fire all the fucking mobile ticketing fuckwits. Had to visit the flat above last night cause we had a small leak in our bathroom ceiling. When they opened their front door I saw that they had 3 separate rooms padlocked shut, so naturally I think I'm living beneath a small Asian female version of Josef Fritzl. My family rents flats. One time the tenants turned out to be drug dealers. They had padlocks on internal doors where they grew the saplings and stored merch. We only found out a couple of months into their tenancy when I got a call from a neighbour saying there had a police raid.  That's strange as fuck. Might want to let the polis know about that. Could be human trafficking or some sort of child abuse going on... [deleted] Or they're just proper good at keeping things discrete!  I deleted the comment cause I think folk thought I was being serious but aye - don't think anything dodgy is happening! Or just ask your neighbour? I knew someone once who's parents had bought a two bedroom apartment for them to live in during uni years. The parents padlocked the second bedroom. I guess in their mind their daughter was only being gifted 'rent' for one room and didn't want her subletting or having friends over. Maybe it's something similar. 

Or Fritzl.  That is heavy weird. Yeah, her parents lived in Hong Kong and as soon as they left she took a screwdriver and just took the latch off, leaving the padlock attached to the door. 

Eventually they sent her waster brother over to live with her but I lost touch with her after that.  Very strange mentality, props to the guy for becoming a waster with parents hardcore enough to padlock rooms shut rather than let their kids enjoy them. "light intensity shower rain" jesus christ.

think that's the first time i've stayed up til steamiebot. fucked it. better try and get a few hours kip in. Somehow I have shaved 15 minutes off my morning routine and I can't figure out where, why, or how. This new year is bringing the efficiency, I see. It's the wank. Schools are back,  so the roads are busier this morning. 

As usual when I'm already running late, I just miss a bus and then the next one is late coming along...   Quiet in here today. Surely you're not all actually working?!

I really need a haircut, and I'd like to buy a new soldering iron, but I can't be fucked going out and interacting with people unnecessarily today.  I'd say I've been working, but I've actually spent more of my free time looking up graphics cards instead of Redditing is all. 

(I think I'm opting for the GTX 970, but I've not pulled the trigger yet...) Is that a CGA or Hercules card? :) I had to google that. I thought I'd missed something important. I've seen a lot of people saying that the 390 (or 390x, not sure) is just as good as, if not better than, the 970 but cheaper and runs cooler. Unless there's a specific reason you want an nvidia card. They're about the same price everywhere I've seen, but the 970 uses less power. No particular reason for Nvidia, I have AMD's HD7770 just now.

But I've actually decided to leave it another couple months anyway, realised I need to save for a potential summer London trip! Amazon prime a soldering iron and hair clippers. Both your problems will be solved tomorrow. Good call. I don't really trust myself to cut my own hair though, which is stupid because I want for nothing more complicated than a 4 all over. I wish to fuck I could cut my own hair man, a 4 all over is pretty much the simplest thing you could do with a pair of clippers, don't waste that opportunity.   
If I could give myself a short back n sides without looking like kenn dodd I would for the sole reason of not having to listen to my bastard hairdresser's shite. Change barber Nah, all hairdressers/barbers talk shite, I go to a turkish barber and love the way they cut my hair, just a shame they fry my nut with their inane small talk Start a new (and first) job today, so naturally I woke up every hour last night, shitting myself thinking I had slept in and ruined it. But aye, no more student life from this day onwards n that fucking terrifies me. Good luck! Fingers crossed it all goes well!  Thanks a lot pal. Good luck! Cheers mate. Welcome to monotony!  Haha, welcoming it with (slightly) open arms. Nothing worse than Alarm Anxiety! It's really the worst. Had it the night before the first day of college, uni and now work. Good luck on being a grown up if it helps I've still no mastered it.  Thank you. And I got a run down to the train station by ma mum, I'm fully accepting that a full time job will not change a thing Always bad when you're up as the new steamie comes on, 2.5hrs sleep last night, looks like nane tonight(today). I'll be boiling red bull for my coffee in a few hours then. Probably start smelling colours soon with the lack of sleep I'm normally a solid 8hr typa gal. 

Just gutted you don't get the same late night pish TV you got when I was growing up, like Learning zone and some bizarre Korean film on channel four intermingled with chat direct or gay UK chat line adverts that looking back are certainly parodies.  Aye but you get the shopping channels! I once watched an hour on a steam cleaning mop after a night out. Although, in fairness, it was a brilliant mop - took the dirt right off. Bet it only cos you Â£75 and got not one but three separate attachments plus a 60 day money back guarantee. And if it's one of those real good yens,  you got a 7 cassette power ballad compilation fired in too.  This thread is definitely a lot busier when folk are at work. Lazy bastards we are. Ah, but the tappity of a keyboard helps make us look busier and industrious! Got a new person starting under me today, I'm hoping they're about to make my life easier and not be fud mk.2 like the last guy they hired under me. I'm looking at you u/Mr__Frodo If it is, you better not be on Reddit on your first day ffs Sorry if I am the fud. If I am, then I may as well go on reddit than make an arse of myself with my fudness. Well you achieved that goal! ;)

Hope your first day wasn't too traumatic. Aye, it went as well as it could tbh. I had previously met everybody before and my desk manager is sound and super helpful so it's looking really promising! First day back, get to dental hospital and realise scrubs are at home on ironing board. In bus home currently, fuck.  Doesn't a hospital have backup scrubs? Sounds like a good way to work a shorter day. Got my first exam today and I'm feeling confident, which in turn makes me feel uneasy. Nothing a pint afterwards won't sort out, though.  Good luck! Mine is tomorrow and I feel unnervingly uncomfortable with it. August resit here I come.   It's a horrible feeling. Cheers. Good luck with yours!  Fuck all is getting done today Back to work tomorrow, jet lag if you could fuck off, I would be over the moon. I'm back tomorrow too and suffering a sort of self inflicted jet lag because I've been going to bed at 2-3am. Set an alarm for 9 this morning to get me back on track. I switched it off and went back to sleep. Whoops. First proper week back at work since before Christmas. I'd forgotten how painful getting out of a warm bed into the cold of a Glasgow winter morning is :( I swear our postie is leaving false delivery cards for the craic. He's blatantly not even trying to deliver stuff and just leaving cards (with the wrong date on them) without even knocking on the door. Standard practice in Partick I'm afraid. They just don't bother bringing stuff, every time I've had to go pick something up there's been a long queue, even early in the morning. True, happens too me tae, I complained doon the Clarence Drive office once and got laughed oot the place. Ye cannae win Yup I second that, Partick is pretty bad. On several occasions I've had 'yer no in cards'  when I have been, or backdated cards saying they couldnt gain entry even through I got my normal mail that day.  Depending on how big the parcel was it may have been delivered by a different postie who's job is to deliver the bigger parcels among a few other things. Couldn't get access, fills out a card and hands it to the usual postie and he delvers said card next day. In Partick any signed for post never gets attempted, unless by parcel Force (different company technically, with different terms and targets) or another courier. Even concert tickets, in a letter will get you the card. They clearly can't be arsed.  We're in Partick and never had an issue with them. If your postie gets caught doing that he would end up in massive trouble. Probably lose his job over it.
 I'm not alone in this issue, not even in this thread as you can see from other responses. Civil attempts to raise the issue both in person and online are ignored. Sounds like you're having more luck than others. Have you challenged your postie when he's done this? Have you then phoned the complaints line and said that you challenged your postie and he confirmed he didn't have the parcel on him despite leaving a card? I highly doubt that would get you nowhere. As stated elsewhere in the thread, I've complained in person to staff at the collection office, who will always claim they tried to deliver, without proof. I've waited in all day many times and had the card. When challenged 'aye, somebody came round with that earlier and you weren't here.' Despite the fact I hadnt been out.  aye, i get a LOT of stuff delivered and it's usually fine. taken in a bunch of parcels for the neighbours too in my current flat, so the guy does bring them in even though half the time there's nobody to get them. looks like a pain in the arse too, always carrying way more than an arms full of stuff.  So leaving a complaint on the RM website is pointless? Uft we all have our bad days RM are a breeze compared to Yodel.  True, but RM have been fucking us consistently for months. To be fair I'm moaning for nothing, moved last year from a tenement in Partick along to a multi story, so don't actually have issues. Be a piss poor excuse to say no-one was in 100 odd flats  Politely complaining in person and online gets you lies and shrugs. At best Well folks, back to work today and posting on reddit. I've enjoyed my break from trawling through inane links and hunners of shite on this website but today I'm back refreshed and ready to procrastinate!  Can I stay up till 2 doing a fucking jigsaw of Westeros then not sleep for thinking of said jigsaw then get up at 6 to work all day SOUND AYE CHEERS RIGHT YE ARE.

EDIT: can I then get to my work then realise, as I peer through the darkened windows, that its tomorrow we re-open? What a weapon. Careful on the roads cyclists, still pretty slick out there. I got the same jigsaw for my Christmas! How are you getting on with it? Me and the wifey are struggling with it a bit. Started with the house banners, got the missus on the edges.  I need to see this jigsaw, must be pretty awesome  Being back at work today is shite. 

For anyone who doesn't know, scotrail tickets are off peak all day as long as you purchase before getting on the train.  Being at work today is great for me because it's double time :D Also I had hardly any break anyway, these cunts who had a fortnight off can cry me a fucking river. Yeah, anytime single was Â£1.6, off peak return Â£1.5. If you use railcard, it becomes Â£12. What the horse?  Can't use your railcard before 10am mate unless your fare is over Â£12 Lol, I got one in the station anyway. I thought the machines were broken. 

Thanks, I wasn't aware of that.  No worries, it's caught me out a few times! I was so worried about missing work that I was wide awake at 04:30, on the plus side, I probably won't be late this morning. Just off my streak of nightshifts. Dazed. Worked >40 hours this weekend and I'm back to day shift starting at 0800 tomorrow. The thought of going in tomorrow morning is killing me. 

Busiest time of the year for the NHS. It's been fucking horrendous. Stay healthy, folks! Quit my job like 3 weeks ago and now the holidays are done eh....starting to maybe regret that. In the same boat. Only I quit beginning of Dec. Gonna take a few weeks anyway and hopefully something decent comes along. Make the most of it while you have it. My train this morning is REALLY quiet which is really odd. Is it a bank holiday or something? Yeah it is. DANCER. Time and a half. Jurassic park. Oh man, I'd kill for anything like time and a half, ever. Staying up north over christmas and don't go back to uni for another 3 weeks. Currently sitting rewatching Game of Thrones from the beginning with a roaring peat fire at my feet while the mrs is away at work. 

Seriously considering opening a beer. Do it. A stranger on the internet told you to. Done it. That is to say, I did it. Fuck being back at work today. Today I am venturing out the house for the first time since last weeks break up. 

Maybe.

The thought of it makes me want to go back to bed and cry. I had a right shite, ugly break up a few weeks back and just went between sleeping and work. Hope getting out and about cheers you up as much as it did for me! Have to admit it didn't do much for me. It felt weird and surreal. Maybe next time it'll be better. Hope you're doing ok now! The ugliness of it all made shit easy for me. Get some friends around you and you'll batter through sooner rather than later. I wish you all the best, if you want to go for a pint or something then gimme a shout and we'll be sour faced together haha! Ah, that's good and bad at the same time then I guess. No real ugliness in this one, I still love him, he said he still loves me (but isn't sure if he's still in love), he's just unhappy and wants some space. Feel like I'm in some kind of weird limbo. No friends, sadly, which makes things a bit more difficult so I might be taking you up on that offer haha.  I've been on both sides of where you're at, I don't imagine he feels very good either to be fair. It's no worries, I've got some decent shifts from Saturday onwards. If you even just need a chat then fire me a message, try and make some sense of a weird new year haha. No, he probably doesn't. I want to ask him how he's doing but Im trying not to talk to him for a bit and I also don't want to hear that he's totally fine. I'm hoping we can talk in a week or two though. Thanks man (?), I might just do that, definitely is not the new year I was anticipating.  Oh pal. I'm so sorry. The only thing I can say is the sooner you venture out, the better. If only because you'll have at least tried. 

I hope your year is happier than your past week x  Genuinely felt gutted getting up this morning. Missing Christmas already. Ah well. 7 hours to go. Today is a beautiful day. While all you losebags are whinging about going back to work, I'm on the first day of my holiday. I slept till noon. I might not even get dressed. Today is a beautiful day. Only had 3 days off over the break there... Still feels terrible going back to work. Fuck. Anyone know if the crow Rd delivery office is open?  I'm not far from Crow Road. What delivery office? The place where you pick up post they couldn't deliver.  I'm just going to go tomorrow.  Ah right. It's on Clarence Drive. Yeah, it would have been closed today. I need a drink and all I've got in the house is Brandy. Sometimes life just isn't fair. Fekin amazon packages changed from 04 to 07 delivery. I want my fountain pen now. They delivered the Ink in time, fucks sake. Gym done now back to bed. Back up in a few hours for a cycle out to Kilmalcolm then lunch.  Also on today is the RSNO doing Messiah at the Royal Concert Hall. I'm in it. First Messiah. Cacking it. What do you play? I sing. 

Or I used to. I'm exhausted and completely sung out. Not surprised, after the Messiah. Now rest your voice. ;)
 I play violin. I remember dreaming about playing with the RSNO when I was younger; maybe one day. Good luck! :-) You in the title role? Haha I'd love it if there was a Jesus role. Hallelujah! Seems there's more than 1 title role if there's a "First Messiah" To clarify: it's the first time I've performed it!

I love the idea of a 1st, 2nd and 3rd Messiah all competing with each other though! I sang the Hallelujah Chorus back at Uni (bass), it was great fun. We did it with Ode to Joy, Zadok the Priest and "water music" from around the world mashed together for the Olympics. 

I was secretly hoping that someone would do the Love Actually "You mean there was more then one Messiah?" "....Duh" bit but I think that'd involve mind reading.  I'm afraid we had to cut the lobster too. Get us all on the guest list? Nah pal. Got serious back-to-work fear. I'm not ready for tomorrow. Same here. Really worried that they'll grill me for having been off sick over new year. Equally worried that my back will go ping again. Still hungover  Shite tune today How? How what? How's it shite? I do not want to work tomorrow, at-all
 Spending today finishing a book and weeping, probably What book?  Haha, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Good tune today.  
I feel like I should probably leave my flat for a bit, but there's fuck-all to do. Found out I'm not in work until Tuesday though, since we missed the bank holiday on the 2nd, so that's something. Back to work Wednesday, can't be fucked. Hoping for a lottery between now and then. "Back To Work Wednesday." Sounds like a holiday.

 Still sick from Friday's takeaway, had to call in to work. I love my work. The doorbell is still missing after the Hogmanay, so I'm just sitting and watching the door.  What are you expecting it to do? Open? Boyfriend of 8 years unexpectedly broke up with me the day before Hogmanay. Barely got out of bed since. 

I guess 2016 can't get any worse from here, at least.  Sorry to hear that.  If you ever need someone to hash it out with please feel free to send me a PM. that is absolutely rotten that would easily ruin anyones new year. hope you feel better soon. The only way is up! I'm so sorry, please feel free to pm to vent. My ex broke up with me last January and I worked it all out, then he got back in touch and let slip he was seeing someone. Take care of yourself and feel free to pm me Stone cold, all good things from here onwards in 2016! Just up and nicotine addiction starting to gnaw at my brain. Attempting to distract myself with PS4 and internet but everything looks like snout. The first few days are always the worst mate.  Go take the bin out or something. I find its the habit of standing outside for 5 mins more than the actual having of a cigarette.  It's pure jumping in here today. Stuck in tonight and my TV seems to have given up the ghost. Not receiving a signal from the freeview box or dvd player. Looks like a trip to Curries tomorrow. Heartbroken; broke down in the middle of dinner date... "Complementary refreshment"  i.e., pishy sandwiches and/or those fantastic 2-pack Walkers Shortbread. Probably also water. The prospect of going back to work in just over a day and a half is driving me to drink. How are the resolutions going? I'm still tired!! Just had french toast and bacon though which might give me some energy!! SECOND Happy new year folks.

So me and the mates decided instead of the usual house party we would make an effort, suit up and go to a nice fancy hotel pub for the bells.
It was a good laugh but generally felt I'd rather just be with the pals listening to the music we like,  not having to queue up for drinks and bathroom breaks and dealing with the occasional fucking roaster.
Costly night and I didnt even get proper pished cos of the off-putting queues. I was armed with a hip flask and a joint though so it wasnt too bad.

Anyone else feel like that or am I the only fanny who'd rather stay in with mates than party with all sorts of folk Best new year Ive had was at my mates old flat with all her pals (of whom I knew none). Music was decent, tons of bevvy, everyone was of similar mindset and humour so was a cracking night. I couldnt imagine going out to a mobbed as fuck pub that youd have to pay to get in, queue for the bogs, and pay over the odds for a drink. New Year in Tokyo, made a rip roaring cunt of it and feel like hammered dog shit! Fly back home tomorrow, Glasgow I've missed you.  I freaked the fuck out last night when the clock struck 12 and next thing I knew everyone was having a singalong and handing out shortbread. Why did no body warn me of this? And  Steak Pie today!!! I feel as though my mates have let me down by not preparing me for your tasty traditions. Pie!  No trains or Subway today. Hope everyone had a good night, I'm off to bed! Happy New Year everyone! This is the 3rd time I've woken up, feeling almost safe enough to take my head off the pillow. I know the feeling mate, got home at 12pm NYD and that's me just out of bed. Having not been able to shite properly since Boxing Day, my arse is now running like a tap after 6 bottles of Irish craft ale.  Be careful what you wish for kiddies. Happy new year guys! 

I saw mine in with 3 good friends and a lot of alcohol. Not the biggest fan of new year but it was a belter  Hungover the day /u/SteamieBot?

No matter if you are sitting in with your family, braving the elements in George Sq, avoiding the glammed up neds in Merchant Square or gubbing hunners of swedge at the Academy with your team... may every cunt have a great night tonight and get home in one piece.

 Happy birthday to me. Try not to get too wasted celebrating guys! Happy birthday pal, have a good one!  Happy Birthday to you!! Thank you! I started the year in Brisbane and am ending it in Glasgow... Meaning my year is approximately 10 hours longer than most... No wonder it's been so shite.    
Have a good night everyone and stay safe!!! Woooooo just finished work, now to try and drink. I drank a bottle of whisky before I left the house for Halloween needless to say I've no drank since and I'm feart, and also cannae face whiskey again.  Careful now!  Happy New Year bitches, stay safe tonight! I just opened the curtains and the room got darker. "The day had some trouble breaking." - Dostoyevsky > Moderate rain

Get tae fuck. I'm soaked right through after walking for 5 minutes. Think that was my least pleasant cycle commute ever. Every time I opened my mouth to breathe it filled with rain. Walled to the end of my street then flagged a taxi. Fuck that. Same, luckily I'm first in the office therefore I shall be claiming the prime jaiket drying spot There's only 5 of us in just now. The rest have cars, so I have the portable radiator under my desk. The woman standing next to me at the bus stop is out wuth bare legs and just wearing wee sandals. Can't decide if this is folly or sheer genius- fewer items of clothes to get soaked through and easy-drain shoes! Her rain game is strong /u/SteamieBot says everything's fine for travel. In reality, [everything's fucked.](http://www.journeycheck.com/scotrail/) The bus from Partick was horrific this morning. I counted 27 folk standing, though I couldn't actually see down the bus to count everyone as it was so rammed. The driver couldn't see out to the left or open the doors as there were so many folk in the bus entrance-way and he kept picking more passengers up. People were arguing atvthe bus stop as to who was getting on. Just as well there wasn't an accident as no-one was getting out of there in a hurry.   Went n updated it, might as well just have put "everything's fucked" right enough. I wasn't planning on goiing outside so instead the rain is coming into my house through the ceiling I'm off to Lanark to collect two kittens today! They'll probably never know how close they came to being called Kodos and Kang.

Anyway, fingers crossed I don't drown on the way. Pics or it did not happen! Very well! I'd like to show you all a picture of them out of the carrier, but the very moment it was opened they made a dart for under the bookshelf and they've been there for an hour. I've put some food under there for them but they haven't touched it. Probably just need a wee chill out, even taking things very easy that road from Lanark is shite.

So, Steamie, meet [Marceline and Tanuki!](http://i.imgur.com/qu4ZPWe.jpg) Furry weans! :) Once they've gotten used to all the new scents they'll come out. Are these your first cats? Always had cats around when I was growing up, but this'll be the first time I've had them as an adult.

I've been popping my head under, and they're letting me stroke them but they're not for exploring just yet. I've put the litter tray in clear view of where they are, and a wee pile of dry food under there- with a full bowl and some water in the kitchen.

Conclusions so far- they're quiet wee things, not a peep out of them on the road home or since they got here. Not aggressive at all, just very shy. Other half has been calling me every hour, on the hour, to find out how they are. Think she might be excited... Ha, I've always had cats around while growing up. When we moved into our new place and didn't have any pets I honestly couldn't hack it. I can be fine without human company for long stretches of time but can't deal without having a wee cat or dog as company.  We've been talking about it for years, but the final push has come from having got the living room and kitchen decorated- thought we might as well take the plunge now!

The thought occurred to me the other day that we could easily be pushing 50 by the time these wee guys shuffle off. That was sobering... Awesome!  My cat hid out of sight a lot for the first few weeks and barely ate a thing, we ended up trying lukewarm porridge made with water and a tiny bit of skim milk and the wee guy smashed that. Best of luck with them, remember and get pet insurance!  (I don't think it will cover you for their first check ups etc though.) Fair point, they probably aren't covered on my home/contents insurance, haha!

They've come microchipped and neutered, but they'll need their inoculations before they get out in the garden, so we should make appointments with our local vet really. Anyone got any recommendations for a good one in the east end? > No line problems reported.

A lot has changed since 5am :p Aikenhead Rd is closed at Hampden,  can't even get through walking. 75 bus is going a diversion the other side of Hampden.  Bus driver was scared of a puddle on the way into work this morning so we ended up going on some grand fucking tour of town. Got to work 30 minutes late. Moderate rain my arse. Still up in Barra. The storm hit last night at about 7pm, holy shit it was mental. We're right at the sea too, even in the pitch black you could see massive waves. The rain wasn't so much hitting the window as being blown flat onto it. I haven't seen anything like it outside a carwash. I'm through in Edinburgh today and it's like I'm in fucking Cumbria or something, can't even see the roads in some places it's so rainy. Bogging. Got soaked head to toe from the 5 minutes walk from the bus stop to work. Fuck these sodding storms.  Does anyone know of a good repairman/serviceman (is it -person now? repairman sound antiquated) who can come out and fix our dishwasher.

It's a Smeg one, and it doesn't drain or operate properly. I had a guy look at my fridge, he told me he does all domestic appliance repairs. He is reliable and reasonable (he had a look for free to see if he could fix it) Really nice guy. Can't remember his name (Steve) 079 440 94057 Good Luck, ours stopped draining & our plumber said we'd be lucky to get someone to even try, something to do with the control panel, ordered a new one from Curry's, very speedy & they installed the new one & removed the old for about Â£55. extra. Wasn't a Smeg mind you! Was oot playin fitba for best part of two hours the day great stuff. Weather wasn't too bad until last ten mins it chucked it down.

Then find out the Celtic games aff! WHERE'S THE DAY'S? So last night I'd booked a megabus gold from London Vic back to Glasgow (so I could get some kip before work at 8am), find out at 6pm after the football that its' been downgraded to a normal megabus (which was then an hour delayed) meaning I got sod all sleep before work and was 20 minutes late. Currently sat at my desk dying. Fuck Megabus, the cunts. Urgh, Mega bus the last time I was on one of them I had some guy molesting me the entire journey from Glasgow to London and they did sod all about it. 

Would never use them again unless it was a literal life or death situation.  Did the mega bus to Manchester once. I'd rather be fired out of a cannon to my destination that repeat the experience.  To be fair I usually get it and its fine (especially for the price) but when I pay for a bed I expect a bed! Do you have any recourse? Aside from a nastily-worded letter to your MP, of course. *shrugs* Might send an angry email in the hope I get some vouchers or a full refund or something Sounds like it'd get you there quicker too! Have woken up to the news that Lemmy is dead. Saw them play the Armadillo about 2002ish- superb live show. He'll be missed.

In back news, I can now move mostly freely. Still a bit achey though, so I've taken the week off work. Misread that as Limmy, Was ready for a dance. RIP.  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfD_5KaBsxg That's my sleeping schedule fucked then. [deleted] Glasgow update: At ma work. I hate ma work. Wanty swap? I don't want to be at work today, but I want money. Life's all about the difficult choices. Apparently there will be some stormy weather coming our way tomorrow. Hope SteamieBot is ready for a hundred-line post on how fucked the trains will be. Aw fuck I hope the West Coast line isn't shagged again.. I can't be doing with getting stuck on my way home on Hogmanay. The worst thing about going to work today is that I *volunteered*  to do it. What was I thinking? Ya tit Anyone know what time the shops shut at tomorrow? Sunday hours or a bit earlier?  Should be the same as any regular date tomorrow, surely? It tends to just be Christmas Eve-Boxing Day, and NYE-NYD they're closed/reduced hours. I'm a tit. Thought it was Hogmanay tomorrow. Cheers.  If only. I'm stuck back in at work again tomorrow. **What's on Today** could stand some links. I've scoffed some Fugu in Tokyo, if you don't hear from me again jab my dog one last time from me. Got my hole in the west end last night. Felt like a street rat among royalty heading back to east kilbride on the bus. Good fun though. DJing til 4AM. Taxi took so long to arrive, I went for the first bus at 5:30. Driver looked at me and just drove past. Cunt.

[It was a good night though](http://imgur.com/YqsmfrC). Is this fluxx? Too much bevvy, I'm rough as fuck, day aff it for me.
Got ma hole last night though, so there's that ! Star wars tonight, canny wait! Either nobody is posting because they have better things to do like get smashed or be with family, or the Steamie is dying a quick death. RIP Most people are probably off from work. When everything gets back to normal so will be steamie I reckon.  Wait til everycunt's back to work and it shall rise again I'm not back to work til 5 January which is nice.

Also, ACDC are playing? God damn that's cool It's a tribute act, AC/DC UK not AC/DC Anyone up for some Star Wars Battlefront on PS4 later?  Lieing in bed like a cretin. Need to scrape myself up, mainline coffee, rescue reefer then off round the Eaglesham Rd for a cycle on the bike Santa got me. Wee session in the ps4 later if anyones game? Shout out to the doctor's and nurses at the out of hours clinic at Gartnavel hospital for helping me out last night. My cunting GP is closed from the 24th until the 5th of January and Gartnavel got me the antibiotics that will hopefully stop me coughing until I throw up. In and out in under 30 minutes. Belter.    After a heavy depressing Boxing Day I think it might be time for bed now the Steamie's up.

Also whoever suggested the tune of the day; you're a cunt. If you are still drinking depressed like I am listen to 3 doors down - here without you . Q It defaults to Rick Astley when no one's suggested a song.  Oh.

That's some bullshit. Back to work today. Fuck. You work on Sundays....?  Retail mate.  Amazon provides evening delivery on Sundays?! I am trying it out, but also think that I am getting a free month of Amazon Prime...  Yes, had a delivery today! Mines arrived in Glasgow 4 minutes ago, so I guess it will be in today. ETA was 6-10PM, but not really fused too much. I'm at a pub in Edinburgh, watching the rugby, drinking through a massive hangover. I think my liver is going to host an intervention soon. muh...wha? blerg. Word of the day 

CLUDGIE = Toilet
 Quiet round here today!

First boxing day in a long time with no hangover. Belter. NEXT was pretty quiet today compared to the usual frantic mob grabbing any bargains they get near.  I noticed loads of shops were shut! Times have changed I work at NEXT and was dreading everyone and their da coming in but it was alright actually  Jumped home for a shower and change then off for the day to the in laws. I love Christmas.  Extra 10% off Schuh sale with UniDays. Got a pair of converse for 20 quid. Also drank a couple of glasses of water before conkin' out last night so I woke up feeling fresh as a daisy.  Aye but, did ye pish the bed? Fortunately not!  Result! Supposed to be back at work today, but ended up with food poisoning from Christmas dinner. Been up since 8am yesterday, and have probably been in the bathroom for 16 of those hours.  No-one is in the office until 10am, so they're going to find out I'm not coming in at the exact moment I'm supposed to be in at. Bracing for a bollocking, but it's not like I'm going to head in just to puke on a co-worker. Wouldn't be polite. Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas, ya filthy animals.

Love SteamieBot Seriously starting to worry Steamie bot will be moving in to my house and stealing my wife next.  Weather details: not snow. 

Merry Christmas tho! Merry Christmas
 Merry Christmas from Copenhagen !  Merry Xmas from me and my brand new cold. Merry Christmas Everyone! Hope you have a good one! Merry Christmas bitches! 

 Merry Christmas ya Fifie animals! Merry Christmas ya filthy animals.  [deleted] I'm spending Christmas alone this year because I'm an immigrant who's only been in the country four weeks. ANYWAY, I am getting invites left, right, and centre of people inviting me over for dinner, or brunch, or what have you. Additionally, my desk is littered with Christmas cards and boxes of chocolates.   
Why is everyone here so damn nice? Seriously?! After 11 months in London, I am just overwhelmed by the generosity of you Scots.     
You're all so fucking lovely. I hope you have a lovely Christmas whatever you do tomorrow. You really should take someone up on their offer, you never know it might lead to good things. People have major issues about the idea of spending Christmas  alone. I usually find it better to lie and say I'm visiting someone,  instead of facing an intervention. 

This year as it happens I'm visiting someone. No, really...   I'm quite ok with spending it by myself - it means no one can judge me for the sheer amount of booze I plan to consume, nor the fact I am really looking forward to Christmas Tacos.     
...Are you really?  Christmas tacos, class. Prolly beat my da's usual standard of cooking. Theres a lot to be said for being on your own. Enjoy! Just about to head in to the office and do my best impression of somebody doing work for the next few hours.  Likewise. Finishing at 3pm. Just need to find something to do for the next 6 hours to stave of boredom induced insanity. Same boat. Half day on Christmas Eve, 90% office have taken the morning off. About as much point in it as a tit with no nipple. Could pure go a Killie pie the noo  Christmas Eve trains:
>Thursday 24th December
Services will run as normal until after the evening peak, after which theyâ€™ll begin to wind down. Some last services are around 5pm, but weâ€™d advise customers to check their journeys on our website.

Last trains between Glasgow &  Edinburgh 21:00 both ways. 

[link to detailed PDF for all services] (https://www.scotrail.co.uk/sites/default/files/assets/download_ct/christmas-timetable-2015-electronic-002.pdf)  And none on are running on Boxing Day, wtf.  (GLA-EDI I mean) It's always like this on Boxing Day, and I've never understood it. Surely people will be going to shops and that for the sales? Indeed, at least the buses are on. Got a couple of bottles of Brewdog Libertine Black Ale. Just waiting for an acceptable time to start consuming them. If not you, then who?  
If not now , then when? Embdy else just scroll right past the bot formalities and head right to the conversations? Don't get me wrong, I love that it brings a chat aboot and merry fucking Christmas I'm just heading to my bed. Have a good wan, whitever yir uptae the day. X  Well, I utterly fucked my back last night at work. I am in agony, and I need to drive to Manchester in a few hours :(

Update: 6:14am. Stuck on the throne. Better half still asleep. May be here some time.

6:18am. Suddenly struck by the irony that we removed a grab handle next to the bog just last week because we're young fit and healthy.

6:21am. Have successfully extricated myself from the toilet. Have decided to run a hot, hot bath to get stuck in instead.

6:29am. Bath was a great idea. So hot my nervous system has become distracted. Also the cocodamol might be kicking in.

6:38am. Have decided to play some more Half Life 2. Fuck up some striders, that'll make me feel better. Don't drink while on the co codomol. I made that mistake and I thought I was having a heart attack. 

My backs still fucked after some silly cow crashed into us on her phone.  Shite, that's horrible. Were you alright otherwise? It was only a few weeks ago so have had to slow right down and hope for the best. Remains to be seen what's happening with my back. Currently I am on 6 co codomol a day just to move about so I'm getting worried about getting addicted to it in all honesty.  Ugh, they're horrible, but the pain going away is quite nice. Just wish they could do it without the accompanying heart palpitations, dizziness and fatigue.

And the constipation. Just as a warning.  Have you tried alternating them with ibuprofen? The 500mg no the pishy 200s. My ma has chronic back issues, needs the doc to come out a few times a year for the injection thingy, and the ibuprofen help her no take too much co codamol. Just need to watch and no take them on an empty stomach. Declofenac is alright as well. I've tried, I think I have built up some kind of resistance to paracetamol and ibuprofen even the higher strength tablets because I don't experience any relief from the pain.  Aw that sucks, maybe the topical gels might be worth a bash? i know the declofenac definitely comes in a gel form, but I doubt the over the counter strength will help if ibuprofen isn't working. maybe docs can prescribe a higher strength gel. I need suggestions for a decent Chinese in the west end/Knightswood area for the annual Miss Sephy Chinese and Die hard marathon. 

Don't look at me like that it's tradition.  Asia on Kelso Street deliver to G13 and G14. You need to order their salt and chilli chips as an extra. Brilliant. 

Or at the furthest corner of the area you've mentioned... The Lemon Tree on Great Western Road.  Eve Chinese Takeaway on Dumbarton Road Sky Dragon (Blairdardie rd) deliver to some parts of Knightswood and is outstanding  Homewok is amazing, and deliver all over, but they can take ages to arrive. That tune of the day, niiiice. Great start to my day. Shouts to whoever picked it, buka buka buka.

Aye so anyway, the head infection I posted about yesterday and *none of you fuckers cared about* is starting to clear up. I can hear again out of one ear, and it doesn't feel like a man is standing on my chest anymore. Antibiotics are a great thing, even if it means no booze over Christmas.

Suppose I should start the shopping. Had this the past month, my ear is only just recovering after 3 weeks of being partially deaf.  Hope you have a good Christmas pal  Damn, you ok? On the mend, yeah. Trying not to let it ruin Christmas. As weird as it's going to sound, Apple Cider Vinegar helps with earaches and blocked ears and the like. Might help fix it up a little faster. But the booze/antibiotics thing? Apple Cider Vinegar - it's non alcoholic. Soak a cotton bud in ACV, have a wee lie down, pop cotton bud on your ear for about 10 minutes, and yeah, hopefulyl will help. It definitely helped my illness last week. Also, about a tbsp with warm water, gargle, swllow, helps a sore throat. Tastes vile though. Haha, wow. There's me about to get wellied on Frosty's thinking it'll fix my blocked ear.

Thanks for the tip, I'll see if we've got some. Do it anyway, can't hurt, mibbie pour the dregs in your ear when you're wrecked, two birds etc.. Is a myth. Docs say it so you don't get pished and forget to take your meds.

http://www.nhs.uk/chq/Pages/871.aspx?CategoryID=73 Sweet! Party up my bit, who's coming? Tune of the day was my pick. Happy Christmas and all that. Gonnae get pished every night for the next two week so expect the odd steaming shite of a post off us for.. well, probably for the rest of time. Just having a break from cooking with Maw - I've been cooking/baking solid since 11.30.  Can't wait for the Christmas sparkly. Yas, My brother came up from England to drop off his 2 dugs at my mum's for two weeks.

Xmas wil now consist of Mad Men and dugs. And family I suppose. I will be spending the afternoon and evening by myself tomorrow, which I normally do (and enjoy), but I've just found out my ex has a new gf. Not as chirpy now....I'll just go mad and have a honey bourbon on top of my penicillin and let the fun begin! 1 sleep til Santa!!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2I4oR6W_gE If there's anyone posting on tomorrow's Steamie you all need to sort out your priorities and start getting fucked instead of browsing Reddit.

Have an amazing day, Glasgow. I'll be posting on the Steamie tomorrow through my innebriated haze. How else will I avoid awkward conversation with distant relatives who's name I can't quite remember but it's probably Cathy, should I chance it and go for Cathy? Nah. Just gonna have a swatch at my phone. The trick is to never use any mention of them and keep the entire conversation general. "So kidfockr, how's you been?"

"Aye no bad, you know? Just working away. Yersel?"

"Och aye, the same." The conversation would be more like

"Awright kidfockr, how's it gaun?"

"My life is hurtling towards the abyss"

"Sound pal"

And then no one ever speaks to me again. "Awright, Earhacker, how's it gaun?"

"Cathy, old bean. We are born alone and we die alone. In the meantime, how about a drink?" ###Word of the day###

**Clatty**

Dirty. 

"Get your finger out your nose ya clatty wee bastard".  Special mention to Clatty Pats. Can we suggest words, like the tunes? Feel free to pm me, or post it yourself if you're in first. I'm not precious.  I'll never be up early enough to post my own I was thinking about adding that feature to the bot. What do yous think? I think the bots a cunt. 

To be fair, she does good work but I think people should keep trying to personalise the thread without the bot taking on every part of it. I don't like how the daily tunes have gone so far.  Any suggestions on how we could improve the daily tune feature? At the moment it selects one of the requests randomly.  Not on the suggestion front. But it would be good if you could get her to display the title of the page from the YouTube link because I rarely bother clicking to see what it is, but probably would more often if I knew where the link was taking me.  Noted. I'll get that done.  Do it One more for the product backlog... can the bot aggregate the Glasgow Sale thread subreddit and post a link to any new threads that have been made in the last 24 hours? Good idea. Yeah, I'll do that.  Nice idea Sitting in a 'British' boozer in Harajuku myself necking Guinness myself as my other half doesn't feel well so I went shopping for her Christmas now getting tanked before we go for dinner [Lovely Guinness](http://i.imgur.com/i3iLhte.jpg) Arrive alright?
For myself we're leaving Hakone just now, getting something to eat in Odawara then heading back to Atami for the fireworks.


I bring this from last night in some alley in Harajuku http://puu.sh/m4Ic1/6fb3c7f040.jpg Yeah mate landed fine on Saturday morning, having a ball, off to Kyoto tomorrow  [deleted] Sadly not just up and down tomorrow on the Nozomi, spent 4 days there last year just looking to see a couple of things and head back to Tokyo [deleted] Sadly fly back on the 2nd :( so just here for 2 weeks!  Question for the pair of you, can either of you travel partners speak any Japanese?  I mean, is it doable for folk that can't utter or understand a word of it? My girlfriend and I don't speak the language but we know enough to not be completely ignorant, just basic, hello, thank you, sorry, excuse me, beer, yes and no.  Everyone is very accommodating and bend over backwards to help you, menus 90% of the time have pictures and train/subway has English signs on the platform and in the carriage and the busiest routes have English announcements. So it's very doable for someone who can't speak or read a lick of the language. Great, that makes it sound do-able.

Would certainly learn the basics (thanks, beer, toilet) best of my ability in advance. Defiantly do able in Tokyo, i went in 2008 and 2010 and had no troubles, only Japanese i know is the basic greetings and thank you's  Same, I've stopped in Tokyo twice on RTW trips - food outside of the main bits can be tricky, but with a open mind and a bit of patience you'll be fine. Most people can speak English and will appreciate the effort if you do the greetings and thanks in Japanese.

Takoyaki / Octopus Balls are still one of the worse things I've ordered, but hey, worth a go! It was hailstoning really bad there.

Made a really weird noise at the front of the house, probably from hitting some rubbish or something. Sounded like a rattlesnake but massive I got woken up by this hail at 5 this morning due to how loud it was.

And when that finished, the birds started tweeting.

Bastards. A Texas Rattlesnake? (3:16) And that's the bottom line. 'CAUSE STONE COLD SAID SO!  If it was a texas rattlesnake the only sound would be my windows smashing followed by my head being stunnered Had to go with father in law to the hospital due toa trapped nerve at 2am this morning, Turns out it was a heart attack, Looks like it will be a NHS Christmas dinner for him.

On my side Christmas is today due to family members working the 25th. So that's going to be fun. /s Hope he's all good mate. Up early when I'm off work because I'm waiting on joiners to arrive and reseal the windows of the flat because of ingress.  No doubt the fuckers will turn up well into the later half of the massive timescales window they conveniently gave themselves Finish work today at lunch until the 5th of Jan. SO CLOSE. Me and my alter ego met the Hoff today

http://imgur.com/GB0osZX Good morning folks. Hope everyone is feeling festive! I am!  I'm going to pick up my (hopefully not grumpy) Dad from the airport and then drive home to Helensburgh for Christmas.

Update: he wasn't grumpy, and he even said my driving has improved (!!) . Got pished last night and sent poorly typed Christmas song lyrics to all my pals so I guess I'm in a festive mood I have glittery green nail polish. Does that count as "festive"? I have red nail polish on but I'm going to have to redo a couple of nails.  I'm not very patient with nail polish. Neither am I. I had to redo these a couple of times due to wine, flirty texts, and general clumsiness. As long as its not to cover up a fungal nail infection, yeah. .... I make no promises. Last day of work til next Tuesday. Counting the hours and trying to get in the festive spirit by listening to Christmas music... Surely listening to Christmas tunes just makes it worse. I usually put on some "don't disturb me I'm leaving 4:30" music on. Haha! I want to feel Christmassy though! It doesn't feel like 5 degrees out there, it's fucking freezing.  What's everyone planning for their Christmas feasts?     
I'm having tacos. Probably the usual. 

Soup and sandwiches at my grans, full turkey and trimmings with the boyfriends family, full turkey and trimmings again later on with my family. Plus starters and desserts at both meals. 

And then I'll lie on the floor for a couple of hours and complain about how sick I feel.  Sounds like fun! I plan to start my mornihng with prosecco, and finish it with mulled wine. With the tacos wedged in their somewhere. I expect to be comatose most of the day, tbh. As a poor teenager living in a hostel;

I wish I was having tacos. Is there a kitchen in your hostel? And, is it in town? There is. It's in Hamilton, of all places. I know how shitty it is to be staying in a hostel mate but I hope you manage to have a good Christmas anyway.  Here mate, I've got it better than a lot of people. Have a good time on behalf of everyone who can't. Get mwi ðŸ˜‰ Go out for a chinese with my gf's family and drink far too much. 24 pack of Tennents and some Turkey Twizlers. It sounds depressing but also strangely appealing at the same time. First time in about 6 days I've not woke up with a killer hangover, which is a bonus cause I need to study.  Tune of the Day today is a toe-tapper and a half lol Off to the final backshift before Christmas; fully expecting an 800kg+ van that I'll be expected to despatch to 12+ customers in the space of four hours. Absolutely expecting them all to live three floors up with no lift.

I badly need a new job.  Just drove past the fort lol good luck to all you last minute shoppers.  I'm on the sick all week with a throat infection, which has since become an ear infection, eye infection and today, chest infection.  ###Word of the day###

**Drookit**

Soaking wet. 

"it smells like a fucking drookit dug died in here".  your example made me smile today, thank you. > Wind: 9 mph

Yer arse Checking over offices this morning and it's creepy as hell. The wind keeps changing the pressure in lower sections of the building meaning doors just randomly open quietly like someone was pushing them open and then end up hang half open even with nothing holding them. 

Sod today. When I was wee, we moved into a house that had tiny doors in the walls of the bedrooms leading into storage spaces. The people that lived there before had taken the carpets with them. 

I went into my new bedroom and slammed the door. The change in air pressure caused all four wee doors to fly open. It was like something from a horror movie. I was fucking terrified.  Just saw a guy walking along the road in Dennistoun. Long black hair, beard, long leather coat, all in black - basically looked like the guy off Raven if you watched that when you were wee. He had a load of crows literally just following him right along the street. Was creepy as fuck, folk were stopping and staring. Think he might actually be a demon.  Did he have a big husky with him? Seen him a few times. Yeah he did have a dog of some kind. Couldn't really see from the window. What's with the fucking crows though?? His heids made out of breadcrumbs. That walk up to work was awful. Fuckin howling wind and rain coming from all directions. If it makes you feel better I have been snoozing my alarm for 2 hours. Think it's about time I got up. Is there a point to setting an alarm if you're just going to snooze it for 2 hours?  The plan was to get up but as they say no plan survives first contact with a miserable fucking Scottish winter morning. Aye but hearing your alarm go off every 10mins or so for 2 hours would drive me crazy That, and it was like being in one of these showers that has water jets coming from all directions. Will be looking out the scuba gear for the walk to work tomorrow. Last day at work until after Christmas. My pal from back home who lives in Edinburgh is picking me up straight from work and then I have an 8 hour drive back home. Gonna be rough (especially given I'm already proper tired) Today's is probably the best Tune Of The Day the bot has selected so far. On a negative note, throats raw as fuck and Im cold-sweat mental today, so not going to see Star Wars today. It's the default tune it plays if nothing has been submitted! Must get around to implementing a "tune by artist playing tonight" feature... youre not incompetent at all are you Oh, I am. You don't know the half of it! Japan status: last night played in an online mahjong competition, decided to start drinking at the same time. Passed out before the second game ended. 

Spent the day feeling pretty shit, on the train to yokohama just now. Have you not purchased underwear from a vending machine yet?  Japan is a lie. I prefer mine unused. Got a progress meeting today with a client. Couldn't have picked a worse week, I clocked out mentally on Friday. 
Genuinely fantasising about the coffee I'll be having when I get to work tho. 

Also why the fuck is it 11 degrees!?

 According to Trump: Mooslims, heathens, gays and commies. Ah of course. Today's the last day I have to get presents for folk so naturally it's all been left until now.

Mad cunt in a santa hat aggressively said "Merry Christmas" to me last time I was in town.

Probably end up in the pub. > Probably end up in the pub.  
Currently the most spoken phrase in Scotland.

 What's the best site for news these days? Buzzfeed or the Evening Times Heavily regretting not taking today/tomorrow as leave days from work. Really not feeling the love with my current workload to festive spirit ratio. Not from Glasgow and only realised today what "The Steamie" means after seeing it on DVD in HMV. Down to visit the family for a week. Lovely to see them, but I absolutely can never be fucked with Christmas. Ah well, at least there'll be plenty to drink. Going by social media I feel like the only person in the west of Scotland who has to work up to Christmas Eve. Feeling a bit down. And bored.

But I'm off until 6th January so we'll see who's laughing then! Half day on Christmas Eve checking in, with a 5th Jan restart. Fuck it, it could be worse! Aye could be! At least my work decided reopening next week for just three days wasn't worth it. I guess at the moment I'm just envious of my pals going on about turning off their work alarms and spending all day watching films. ###Word of the Day###

**Cunt**

Person. 

 What, no examples today? I'm a broken man today. Couldn't muster the energy for a sentence. Also, it's such a common word it was hard to narrow it down for an example.  Would it be fair to say, perhaps, that you made a bit of a cunt of it? Cunt. Noun, adjective, verb. Have woken up to the news that my in-laws want to invite 65 people to our wedding. Venue change, now getting married in a wheelie bin. Just remember, the day is for you and your other half, not them. As long as you two are happy, don't bother pandering to anyone else. Hanging about with a few engaged/recently married family members of my partners has pretty much put us off getting married for the foreseeable future. Who has the emotional energy to deal with that?
 More importantly, where is OUR invite? Maybe I'll crowdfund it and offer invitations as a reward. We had this issue - there are two ways to deal with it:

1. Give them a number, on the basis that it is equal for both sides, and let them make the cut

2. (as we did) Ask to see the list, and remove anyone you don't actually know or have never been in direct personal contact with (i.e. meeting uncle freddy's first cousin at that funeral 20 years ago doesn't count). You'll probably find this trims the numbers significantly.

Oh, and do this as soon as possible before they start inviting people on your behalf.

Your wedding, not their social event. Whatever you do don't let them browbeat you into inviting 65 folk you don't know.

Weddings can bring out the absolute worst in people and if you give in they will demand more and more until you resent them with a passion. Trust me on this one. Partner is pretty upset about it, and I'm going to have to put my foot down. I think the venue capacity and budget will be a pretty good excuse without offending anyone. My wife and I got married a couple of years ago now. We were in the very fortunate position of being able to fund it ourselves.

Even still, we had a few minor snags with family members on both sides trying to put their own stamp on things and the were resolutely told that it was our day and we wouldn't be deviating from our plans. 

Be firm but fair. If they don't like it then they can fuck off. 

This day is for you and your new wife. It should be exactly the way you want it with no compromises regardless of funding. 

Good luck.  No matter how rational your reasons why they will always take the hump. Always. Even if they offer to pay for it don't bite. 

Me and the better half had a lot of aggro when we first got engaged and all it succeeded in doing was put us off the idea of a wedding. 

We'll still do it but it will be a quiet low key affair because of the mental that takes people over as soon as they hear the word wedding. 

Best advice I can give is stand your ground and don't take any emotional blackmail shite.  We got married in one of those grand for a grand affairs at a local hotel a few years back. 14 people including me and the missus were there. No best man, no maid of honour, no bridesmaids, no speeches or any of that shite. 

Had mine and her folks trying to get us (*manipulate us*) to invite more people but I stood my ground and said no. It was our wedding not theirs. We invited the people we wanted there.

When the day was over, many of the guests said it was one of the best weddings they'd been to.

The following year we went to missus' cousins wedding. Fucking big castle, 100's of people, three hours of speeches (no kiddin' like). I couldn't wait to get the fuck out of there. Awful day. Thanks, needed to hear that. Fucking wedding planning. Makes me want to put my head in the oven! You may find that they've made a list of 65 people out of various obligations and may actually be hoping you insist on less. I'm going to be honest, because I know my wife feels the same - while our wedding day was a fantastic day, it was just not worth the time, cost and stress it took to arrange, and in retrospect we probably wouldn't have bothered.

I guess it depends how much it means to you as an event (and how much you like being the centre of attention) - for us it was just a way to celebrate an already long-lasting relationship - but really the wedding is for the guests and the honeymoon is the good bit. Think you've summed up my thoughts in two short paragraphs.

I've been with my girlfriend for 3 years (still a young couple) and we've obviously spoke about the future and that we both want to get married at some point, but that's exactly how I feel about the whole process of it. We both pretty much hate being the center of attention, plus the fact that it's so much hassle, stress and money for something that I see as mainly a good day out for the guests attending. But aye, she's always loved the idea of picking her perfect dress and being walked down the aisle, and I definitely want it too, but it was nice reading this and knowing I'm not being a wedding grinch. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. 

Fuck. That.  Bought a second bottle of wine to drink with Sound of Music, now hating life. Fuck Mondays. Just arrived home for two weeks. Hefto looking forward to eating and drinking shit loads, seeing pals, and watching fitba with ma da. Merry Christmas ya buncha cunts! Just waiting for the taxi to get me to the airport. Back to France for two weeks for the holidays.

Just hope I can get a roll and square at the airport. 

Edit: well that was expensive... Should have gone to Greggs.  I remember buying a bacon roll and coffee at the airport once. Didn't taste remotely good enough to justify the Â£6-ish bill. Yeah, I've had a better roll and the coffee was close to terrible...  Greggs is always the superior option. Have a very important job interview this afternoon. It's down to me and one other candidate. I don't so much need luck with the interview, but I do hope my hangover has lifted by then. How did it go mate? Hope you smashed it! It went well I think. Made the guy laugh and pretended to be an empathetic, compassionate person convincingly enough, however, I am asking for more than they are offering, so we'll see. What field is it in? Good luck! Let's hope your nose doesn't make you sound like a nasally teenager as well. hahaha! Here's hoping!! I managed to cover the bruise with makeup so hopefully they'll be none the wiser to my drunken shennanigans ;) Off to see Star Wars finally and oot for my dinner. 

Living the dream.  Enjoy, it's so good! I work in an industry where 90% of our customers are already off for Christmas. The only calls I've taken today so far have been the manager's wife.

Guess I'll make a start on reading the *Star Wars: The Force Awakens* novelisation on my phone. We're in next week, no idea why. Clients will not give a flying fuck about anything at-all. Novelisation is a word?  Well, it wanted me to correct it to novelization but I stuck to my British guns. My phone wanted me to correct it to book.  Struggling. In the office today, tomorrow and half day Wednesday. Struggling to motivate myself to do any work. Same, only we're in until 4 on Wednesday and until 2 on Christmas eve. Fuck knows why they're bothering on Thursday, absolutely fuck all will be getting done especially since we have our night out on the Wednesday. Fuck that man. Imagine having you come in after the works do, bosses are mental at times.

I had a meeting close to my flat and didn't need to head into the office afterwards so I'm now at home sitting on my arse playing Fallout 4. I tried that Mulled Rekordelig Cider in Bloc last night, surprisingly good! (also how sick is the new Star Wars?) Not been in Bloc in a few weeks, which is really unusual. My body would thank me if it had not been equally as abused in other venues.  I seem to end up there at least every week now. Used to just be for the live music but its slowly becoming my favourite place for a drink Same really, although I havent been in as much recently. Got a bit burned out on the shows. I will be back but it has been a bit slower recently and really I cant deal with how they run the shows in there. When bands dont go on till 11 or later and I am in the office the next day it just isnt worth the hassle. Few people I have spoke to have been saying the same, love a free show but I would rather pay if it meant I got more than 4 hours sleep. Aye they do finish quite late sometimes. Though tbh I don't usually go to sleep until 1am anyway so I'm not really getting less sleep (its just the hangovers which kill me). One show you should try and make it down for is Tellison / Muncie Girls in March. Two of the best UK bands doing the round at the moment I will keep an eye out for that, I try to go to the Repeater and the Struggletown nights but like I say iv been really slacking.  Ah Struggletown always put on ace stuff, Steven's a top bloke as well Aye, not been in a while. Bit of a lull in Glasgow bands at the moment seems like there is less good local bands really active than there was a year ago but I could just be totally out the loop to be fair. I've uncovered a few new cool ones since moving here. Flakes, The Sinking Feeling, Slowlight, Milktoast and Forest Fires are all really cool Nice, I am friends with guys in a few of those bands, am aware of most of them. There are def good bands about but shows seem quieter and less frequent than they did a while. It will come back around though this happens every year or so.  Mulled Rekorderlig is amazing and now I'm craving it at 9am...

Loved Star Wars so much :) Having a bot is nice, I can read it while drinking morning coffee. 

Thanks!  Not one part of me wants to work today. Saw Star Wars yesterday and it was just brilliant!! I Had a little bit spoiled for me by some dick on the web, but TBH it didn't end up being the biggest spoiler, so I think I lucked out there.  I had the biggest spoiler done by some cunt commenting it on a BBC news article on Facebook. Fuck that guy. What a dick!  I think this is the first day since we started running steamiebot that the trains haven't been fucked one way or another.  Give it time, Sunday service could be classed as 'fucked' either way ;) It's a weight off my mind, it means the bit of the bot I wrote is working! An aside, I really like how it's buried Madonna right in the middle of a series of open mic nights. Very egalitarian of it. Aye I think we did a good job on the bot.  First! This weather is baws, give me a good hard freeze rather than this el niÃ±o crap. It's funny (to me anyway) that all the 57 year old women at a gig tonight will be going to The Barrowlands except Madonna. Poor cow has to work. Apparently Madonna's tickets were Â£130ish.  Naw thanks. ###Word of the Day ###

**Louping**

Sore, throbbing.

"My heads fucking louping, I knew that 17th pint was a mistake".  Where I grew up I think this was usually "gouping" Cracking job on the bot lads    #botlove I'm so hungover I envy the dead. 6 pints down last night, feel surprisingly alright! Same. Gettin auld, 5 or 6 beers and I wake up wi a head 2 sizes too small.  Being a two pint Tam is great, my nights out are very economical. Honestly, I'm not sure if I need a paracetamol or an exorcist. Use both just to be sure My nose is black and purple from when I brained myself opening a car door on Friday night. On the positive, I've never breathed through my nose so well in my life. How did you manage that? 230am, far too many Jagerbombs, a lot of vodka, and quite a bit of pain. Ooft. Condolences! Ta :( I'm hungover as fuck.  I was just putting my shoes on, and the fucking rain started belting it down. Might go back to bed. This is a pretty fantastic idea for a bot

Is there a way we could get this info in a daily eMail for early in the morn or such? You could use ifttt.com and set a rule to email yourself every post with the subject "the Steamie". Shouldn't be too tricky to set up. I can do it for you at some point today if you can't work it out.  That's true; hadn't thought about that.  I'll try my hand at it. 

Thanks for the idea! GF has gone to get her nails down so sat in the flat with wheeler dealers on in the background listening to my upstairs neighbours do floor gymnastics in clogs. Might make myself a coffee and do some more studying. 
Just woken up for some bizarre reason at 15 minutes past three. What the fuck I wasn't even drinking last night. Kristopher Roe? Is that what he's calling himself these days haha [deleted] Not me. Alcohol is a drug which most seem not to respect, despite all of the widely publicised health warnings, backed by scientific research. Well fuckin la-dee-dah. Aye, imagine giving a shit about your health, and the impact your actions have on society. Bet you'd be great fun at all the parties you don't get invited to. Russ Abbot phoned, he wants his mid 80s patter back It's not a drug, it's a drink! Thank you Chris Morris Trying too hard mate.  Present Japan status:
2pm, tired, too lazy to go to the shop downstairs, fridge contains nothing but bananas.

Yesterday I walked up takaosan and got a good view of fujisan which was neat: http://i.imgur.com/pa71QqG.jpg


4pm edit: One banana left. May have to go to the shop.

7pm edit: Went to the shop, can now make spaghetti and udon. But I also bought beer which takes priority.

8pm edit: Friend brings more beer. Orion is pretty good.

10pm edit: Took two attempts to make eadible spaghetti. Fully nourished I can return to beer. Where you staying? I lived in Nishi Nippori when I was there. Awesome place to live (Tokyo I mean)  I always stay in Shinjuku. Close to the station and stuff to do. Jesus if the steamies on its probably time for bed I've recovered.  Time for Colonel Mustard up thr gallowgate ya dancer Finally saw Star Wars. Can relax and let my guard down now and return to the internet like a man leaving a cave and seeing the sun for the first time. 

So many Trumps... Always thought How To Swim should do a tour with Help She Can't Swim.

Off to Little League at the Accies RFC tonight, can't wait! Seems like Uber is not an option this morning in the West End, surge going up to 3.9X: http://i.imgur.com/4mWtQvZ.jpg

Needed a cab as I had a fairly big box with me. Ended up taking a black cab, which was a lot cheaper (what a surprise!).  Aye, seems to be surge pricing quite frequently. I ended up using Network yesterday. Cheaper than a black cab and booked through their app. Used Glasgow taxis last night, driver was a borderline headcase and didn't know how his card machine worked so fairly sure I've been charged twice. Uber home, nae hassle. I've only had a problem with Uber once, when the driver took a wrong turn because he was too busy chatting using his hands-free to pay attention to the route shown on the map.

I left a poor review, Uber got in contact with me and refunded the difference between the price for the correct route and what I was charged. Great customer service. Some driver charged me after never even picking me up. Left a bad review and was refunded within 15 minutes.  Thanks. I like the payment system on Uber as I don't have cash with me all the time. I'll get a back up app too as Uber needs to be kept up to date in order to work (which is quite strange).  So much pain. Far too many Jager bombs last night. I'd kill for some reheated pizza right now. Someone send help, please? Ended up getting a portion of chips and cheese last night, why does every chippy in Glasgow and the surrounding areas use orange cheese? Any decent chippys that use white cheese? Might have luck using an Indian takeaway, but the chips are usually different.  Aye, they normally have shite chips. Turkish places might be a shout though? Maybe. There's a few Indian places that have a full chippy setup though, they tend to have the right chips. That'd be the thing to look out for All in one, dennistoun. belter. Because they all use artificial cheese. just a moan but drug dealers in glasgow are the most unreliable cunts in the world. In work til five, knackered. Bacon roll's on the way though thank fuck. Ghost gig was brilliant last night, a spiritual experience. Not seeing Star Wars until tomorrow night, but I'm pretty sure I've come across a spoiler for it :( 

Oh well, often it's the journey of getting to the point that makes or breaks something for you. And besides- the person could have been spreading red herrings just to mess with people. SO I still don't know for sure.

/rant (sorry guys) I'm seeing it tonight thank god.

I put a notice up on my Twitter last night asking my followers to be considerate because one of them started being a total knob posting snippets of details that I'd rather not know in case reading them reveals too much. After I made a general tweet saying "can people hold off a few days, I can't exactly ignore your tweets when they're right there in my feed" he posted "I've seen Star Wars three times already, can I PLEASE talk about it now?" I had to resist the urge to tweet back "do you literally do nothing all day?" The only reason I've not seen it yet is because of needing to go to work! It wasn't even Twitter or Facebook. It was some idiot on that Online Cards Against Humanity thing. Had a user name akin to "VaderIsLukesFather". Dick.   Aye some cunt was posting spoilers to this subreddit too. I think it's impossible to completely avoid them while being on the internet, unfortunately. Yeah- fortunatly it's only 24 hours to go.  Anyone who likes live music (punk rock) and wants something cheap to do today should come along to this At Audio around 4:30pm

https://www.facebook.com/events/932549220115198/

Some really cool bands playing and it's to raise money for a great cause Is there a beer version of Demijohn - the spirit and liquer shop?

Basically I'd like to be able to gift someone a small keg of beer. Is that possible? Yeah, Tempest have small kegs for sale at the Edinburgh Christmas market.  I think Valhallas do Fyne Ales mini-kegs. Last day of college yesterday. Enjoying a nice day of doing fuck all. I'm off out for dinner and to drink hunners a wine.  About halfway through my Christmas shopping. Ho hum.  Is anyone else having issues with 3 mobile network coverage? Was working fine yesterday but today I cant seem to get service in my flat. The christmas party had an open bar last night. Surprisingly not too rough today, but. Going to stop for a feelgood McDonalds on the way in for the night shift. 

Bar had weird rules but. They couldn't give us doubles for drinks, but would happily give you a JD & coke, and then a separate shot of JD and watch you mix it in front of them. Why does white wine give the worse hangovers ? A feel like greetin man :(. Sweet or Dry white wine? I don't even know I'm no a big wine drinker but a was seeing my sister and that's what she drinks. Heads still thumping man. I'm guessing a sweet wine - they cause the worst hangovers and migraines. Dry wines not so much.    
Hope you're ok in the morn! Well it's more my head so it Probs was a sweet wine, thanks pal! No problem! Hope the heads better today! ###Word of the day###

**Tanned**

To down your drink, or to vandalise/break in to a building. 

"He's fucking steaming, he's tanned 12 pints already". 

"I heard it's that cunt Aldo who's been tanning all the hooses up the hill".  Also smashing windows Also "if you don't behave yourself you'll get your arse tanned" For a band with a deid singer, Big Country seem to get around, eh? For anyone confused by oor bot: they're playing Audio tonight.  
Got my ticket, really looking forward to it! weird: https://www.list.co.uk/events/music/when:tonight/location:Glasgow(55.8621,-4.2465)/distance:5/ Well, whoever's doing Audio's PR must have messed up. I was definitely in Audio watching Big Country, and I look forward to regaining as much of my hearing as possible! 
Mate, your band hasn't made it until you play the Adelaide Place Baptist Church. >  Adelaide Place Baptist Church.

I googled it thinking it was a mistake and TIL it's that weird church/hostel/creche hybrid building across from the Tiki Bar! Aye, I was in there the other day. It's quite a small venue but it's really nice inside. Off to Japan this morning for 2 weeks, I hope all you cunts have a great Christmas and New Year! Maybe Santa will get me a pish free PS4?  Have fun!  Nice one! Me and the better half are hoping to go to Japan as part of our 30th as a kind of tour of Asia and Australia so hope you have a good time.  Shit, Ghost was playing today? Ah well. It hasn't happened yet, there's still time. Yes..... what's your name again by the way? Nah mate guess. Cannae wait! There was a guy on /r/metal trying to get rid of two tickets for tonight's Glasgow show. It's not sold out I think? Well my pal just got a ticket last night so I don't think it is anyway So, Fatman Scoop was in Campus last night. There's someone who has fallen from fame. ROCK THE CLAN!  I think you mean Crooklyn Clan. 

Scoop is the ultimate 1 hit wonder. Be Faithful was originally a bootleg that got so big in the clubs that a label picked it up, cleared all the samples and put it out. 

A friend of mine handles some of his European bookings. He does surprisingly well all things considered.  Not gonna lie, I still play his songs at a few bars. Be Faithful goes down quite well. Lemsip. Come to papa. Fucking loaded with the cold!  If you've a sore throat, try some Apple Cider Vinegar in warm water. Tastes disgusting, but that shit fixes everything. Thanks for the tip, fortunately my throat is fine it's just the old nose that's bunged up! Lemsip works wonders though - thats it clear for now lol Ah well, as long as it's clear that's the important thing! Also, get some chicken soup in you and you'll be better in no time.  Ache it's not even that bad I'm just a moany prick for the first 45 mins of the day, I'm gonna resolve the issue with copious amounts of alcohol at the work's Christmas do tonight  Alcohol solves, cures, and heals everything.     
Except alcoholism. I would recomend hot toddies, like 9 or 10. The Lemsip Max Strength tablets are magic. Perfect combination of paracetamol, decongestant and enough caffeine to startle an elephant. Take two at 8.45 when you're a snot-encrusted zombie, by 9.00 you feel human again. Whoever invented them deserves a medal. Yesterday was the shittest day, however I've woken up this morning after a full nights sleep, and the sore throat I've had all week has gone. So that's a bit of alright. Everything seems to hurt today, and I don't have a day off until the 25th.  Need to buy a secret Santa present for a guy I've barely spoken to. He's a Celtic fan, that's about all I know. Budget is Â£15, suggestions?? A post card from the Queen. A Celtic key ring or mug ? Or just get him a couple of craft beers or something - most people will enjoy that I suppose.  When in doubt, resort to spirits. Obvious option would be a Rangers gift. Perhaps one of those nodding doll Queen's you can get in gift shops? Should be studying for exams but I can't be arsed getting out my bed and I'm experiencing serious DOMS from the gym. Fuck it, it's Friday!  Getting my nose re-pierced after work tonight. Fingers crossed it doesn't get infected and fall out this time  Perhaps the infection was a sign from a greater force that there really is no need for a grown adult to have their nose pierced? :) Maybe you should let grown adults do what they want? :) They could just wear a badge that says "I am a unique, alternative and special snowflake" instead? Because anyone who is not like you is not a mature, grown adult? Awright  Only if you wear a badge that says "I'm scared of things that are different. Everyone should work a 9 to 5 job and watch The X Factor and that's it. Hair dye and jewellery should be banned." You do realise that being a mosher is not exactly a revolutionary thing?
 Is it worth your nose falling off? I don't know what the script is with all the cool-looking-dog walkers, I've no seen any in the last 2 days. Might have to go down Strathy park and hunt these fuckers down if I've any hope of getting an interesting comment on the Steamie Work christmas do today and I can't drink unless I want to kill my liver with all the painkillers I'm on. Nothing worse than watching other people get pished. Same here, except I can drink, have fuck all money, and I'm not entirely sure if it's supposed to be an open bar or not.

Tempted to solo pregame before I go. Work xmas nights out are usually awful and regret filled affairs, I think you will be just fine staying sober! Don't get me wrong I will probably make an early retreat but feeling a bit muted.  Right, collective memories: does anyone recall a 1990s remake of Hancock's Half Hour for (I think) ITV? I thought it starred Nick Hancock, but I can find no evidence any of this ever happened... There was a remake of some lost episodes of the radio show:  
http://www.bbc.co.uk/ariel/29839222
 Hearing those is what put it into my head! I'm a bit worried I may have made it all up though.  You're not imagining it. Paul Merton redid a load of the old Galton and Simpson stuff for ITV for a couple of series. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0115311/ Fucking Paul Merton, that's the one! Cheers for that, was genuinely concerned my brain had gone a bit funny. Its been a pretty shit week, Lets leave it at that. Christmas jumper day today, I got a fucking belter of a jumper lights up and everything. Only 2 other people are wearing them in my office, miserable cunts. My office did a charitable donation that was bigger if you didn't wear one. 90% of people have them on ###Word of the day###

**Mawkit**

Very dirty. 

"look at the state of your trousers ya wee bastard, they're mawkit" I've always thought it was spelled mockit or mocket. I don't know what to believe.

Edit: just googled, all 3 are accepted spellings. This one I've been using correctly. My faith in my understanding of Scots is restored.  Saw Star Wars last night and loved it. The whole wheelhouse of emotions is in there.

Nearly awakened the force of my fist into some drunk cunts heid two rows down from me that decided to give a commentary over the whole film. You weren't in the 00:15 showing in screen 9 at Renfrew Street Cineworld, were you? Fucking raging at those cunts. The very one. After his first outburst I gave him a "fuck up" he kept talking and my other mate called him an embarrassment and then my other pal told him to shut the fuck up. 

He was an insufferable cunt. 13 degrees? That's not very precise. Feels about 13.445 degrees today. Shut it you, or I'll tell it to start displaying in kelvin. Could be worse, could be Reaumur. No Reaumur, all true! Took the cat to the vet yesterday and he's got a broken leg :( he's 13 and apparently the bone is gubbed so they're saying it's best to amputate rather than try and fix it. Stressful as fuck!! Oh gosh, the poor thing. I hope he'll be ok :( If the operation is Â£Â£Â£ maybe start a one of those fundraising site thingies (kickstarter?) to help raise funds? I wouldn't know how to go about that to be honest. Here on Reddit? The procedure is over Â£1,000. Just google different crowdfunding sites, choose one, start a thingie, post a link here, on facebook, on other forums, email people etc etc. Even if people only put forward Â£1, it all adds up and helps :) /r/assistance is a great sub to ask for help and also to ask for advice on the best ways to get help :) Aw mate, I'm so sorry. Hope he makes it and you are alright. If be a wreck if it was one of my furry/scaley weans.  Poor wee guy, sorry to hear that. My cats getting neutered today, poor fucker Aww poor thing :( :(  I hope the wee guy is alright, I can imagine he will be finding it as stressful as you are. Sorry to hear that, if you don't mind me asking how did he break his leg? We think he fell off the table, got home and he was limping, leg only very slightly swollen. Took him to the vet, broken leg. Apparently the operation costs like a grand?? Absolute nightmare for several reasons :( Jesus fuck mate; get yourself up to the [vet school on Switchback Road.](http://www.gla.ac.uk/schools/vet/sah/) There's a good chance it'll be cheaper there, because your cat's operation will be helping train a final year vet student. It ought to be cheaper - but call and explain your situation!! Best of luck to you and your cat. Thats a shame. Generally cats seem to take to losing a leg quite readily, so dont be too concerned. Best of luck :) [deleted] I need to buy one for tomorrow, any suggestions on where to go? Preferably the toon Slow reply, but I've no clue mate, got mine off Amazon. Primark generally has a good selection.  Got the plainest, shitest one I could find cos I'm a boring cunt! Cheers for the suggestion  Agreed, it's pure roasting!  I'm on to my fourth episode of Peter Rabbit today. That low rumbling you can hear is the sound of Beatrix Potter turning in her grave like a rotisserie chicken. Saw Star Wars last night. Went to sleep around 5, up at half 8. Worth it. Well worth it mate.  Heading down south to My girlfriends dads for a few days tonight, giving me a perfect excuse to miss my work Christmas night out. Which is great, just not emotionally prepared for the carnage/hangover associated with these big corporate sponsored nights out. Went to a Christmas ball last year with my super corporate company. Fell asleep on my desk 3 times the next day. Intense. If the night out does not fall on a Friday I always 'work from home' the next day. Where abouts was the ball? Some venues seem better than others, the ones where you are lumped in with 10 other Christmas nights out are the worst. Oran Mor. Pretty sure it was just us in there but it was on a Thursday and the bar tab was free for all. Brutal. Ah nice, mine is Oran Mor this year but I am thankfully missing it.  Was Hilton last year, so brutal. Need to finish off some 90's style book covers for school then off home to try and see Alien : Isolation through once and for all.
 That's still on my big list of games I bought when I built a new PC and need to play (along with Shadow of Mordor). Still addicted to Fallout 4 atm though, is it good? It's great. Used to turn off the lights and watch the bf playing it. Shat it many times Fuck that game while playing with the Kinect on. It can pick up movement and sound so my dog stretched and yawned while sitting next to me, got me spotted and killed. Shat it. Tried to get a few Bieber tickets, but nae joy. Now Ticketmaster's sister site, getmein, is punting them for Â£150+ which is utter balls. Oh well, here's hoping I can pick some up somehow  Day off. Have played about an hour of HL2. Need to get myself arsed to get out of the house and sort out a present for the other half's birthday.

Frankly, it was bloody inconsiderate of her parents to conceive nine months before Christmas. If we ever have kids, it makes financial sense to make them happen around the middle of the year, long before Christmas, while the heating bills are low. First time playing HL2 or just replaying it for good measure? I kinda want to replay the first HL one of these days - it's been years since I last touched it.  play black mesa instead if you haven't > [the Black Mesa Dev Team currently has no plan to support Mac and Linux natively...There is no plan for Black Mesa to come to consoles at this time.](http://wiki.blackmesasource.com/General_FAQ#Will_Black_Mesa_be_ported_to_Xbox360.2C_Mac_or_another_platform.3F) 

Well, that comprehensively counts out almost every piece of computational hardware I own :( You could run it in WINE. Maybe, though most of my junk is fairly low-powered- my daily driver is a MacBook that was new in May 2007, and I've got Raspberry Pis doing NAS and print server things. 

I'm going to go out on a limb and guess the original might run under WINE, but Black Mesa probably won't- it's been remastered under a more modern engine, hasn't it? Yeah Black Mesa is redone in a sort of revised Source Engine. 

The first one will run no bother. It's a lot different to second one. The graphics are pretty shit but the gameplay holds up great. Ah right. Completely forgot that was a thing. I'll look into. Thanks ! I've lost count of what number playthrough this is- it holds up so well, and every time I play it notice something new. The Bridge is absolutely one of my favourite parts of any game. No doubt once I've finished it, I'll work my way through the rest of the Orange Box then play Portal 2 again!

I've never actually played the first HL, I don't think I've ever owned a system that it'd run on.  Ah nice. Yeah it has held up surprisingly well. Even though it is becoming a bit old.

Honestly I think the last time I played half life was when windows Xp had just become the hottest shit around. So it's been a while - don't even know if it'll run on windows 8. But there's probably fixes for it.  Got kicked out last night. Anybody know any decent housing association. Trying not to give up the dog. If it's desperate and you have nowhere to go tonight, the Councils' website has a page with details of its' duty of care to those who are homeless- there's a bunch of contact details on there that might be of some use?

If not so desperate and you have somewhere to stay for a few days, try the East End associations - the folk in those offices have always been very helpful to people I know who've been in a spot of bother. GHA have an office in Citypark on Alexandra Parade that deal with Carntyne/Haghill, there's also an office for Parkhead and Dalmarnock on Whitevale Street. There are less demand for flats in these areas due to the areas not being the prettiest in the city, however, you could put up with it for a bit until you get yourself sorted, I'm sure.  Best of luck to you.  I appreciate it mate. Not on street yet, a few couches will have me before then. Everything in work has been fucked and all I have left is the internet for the third day in a row with no actual work to do.

With a firewall in place the only decent website I can get on is this.

Any suggestions on how to kill 8 hours? Heh, a department at my work has been having the same problem for the past three days... Does your work also use IE8? Aye it does, pain in the baws I suspect we work for the same organisation :( Council?  Um, is health industry part of council?? I'm only a temp from Australia so I don't know... :\ Teach yourself come coding ?
I'm sure there are few subreddits that could help you out with that ?  No chance!  I was pish at higher computing and I'm not going near coding again! well i've been called for jury service *again* so pretty annoyed about that. That makes it 5 times in under four years ugh Join the polis and be exempt!  Some people seem to get called up all the time whilst other people don't.

I feel ya, I am one of those people.

Do you keep requesting not to be called up because of holiday etc?  That only puts it off for a year before they send you another one. I've come up with various excuses over the years - exams at uni, holidays etc. Last time i even had to remind them i was exempt from it til end of November, i swear they were counting down the bloody minutes til they could ask me again  
I've got nothing to get outta this one though, being a full time uni student just isn't enough What uni is it? Usually you can get your school to write a letter saying that jury duty would impact your studies and get you out of it. Glasgow, I've emailed them to see  I am in the worst mood today. The day can go to fuck.     

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FjWe31S_0g&sns=tw Avoiding Star Wars spoilers all day today.  Jar Jar kills Dumbledore. I heard Bruce Willis is a ghost at the end too  The guy in the hairpiece the entire time was Bruce Willis! Santa Claus does not exist. ###Word of the Day###

**Scunnered**

Disgusted, bored, fed up. 

"I'm fucking scunnered with this job".  Ah dunno about disgusted but bored, fed up, pissed off etc. Rings true the day. Really? I've anyways seen it more as broken, that there's no hope for it. "My plans for the day have been scunnered." is that not "my plans for the day have been skuppered"?
 Probably in context both could work. If you feel scunnered, then you could be bored, fed up, hopeless or hung over to fuck. Nah, it definitely means fed up. 

http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=scunnered

Edit - /u/isopr0p caught the reason for the confusion. Scuppered makes sense in your sentence.  I'm an older redditor and it's always meant "knackered" to me.  Maybe it's changed over the years. Knackered can be descriptive of a person or an object

Scunnered is more used to describe a feeling, so it's generally used in reference to yourself or another person.

Or so I think. "Knackered" means both to me.

* I pulled an all-nighter, now I'm pure knackered.
* I want to browse /r/glasgow but my computer's knackered. ... That's scuppered? Soz, just saw this.. Oh man. I think you're right. Now I'm wondering how long I've been using the wrong word... With the workload this last 10 days, this sums me up this morning :p Man, this word absolutely sums up the toll the past two weeks has taken on me. Fucking scunnered. Went to that brewdog place in the city centre last night. The food was really good but you don't get tonnes of it for your money. They could really be doing with serving some carbs, I mean its a pub for fucks sake.

Also I'm going to be slightly hungover for work. That's nothing new though. Heard brewdog staff are right cunts from my brother, were they alright for you? Sounds like a story, what did he do?  Don't really know, just said they ignored him for ages, only to get his order wrong. 

Tbf my brother is the worst customer,probably was giving lip. Nobody was rude or anything. Can't say I noticed any cuntiness. Will give it a go next week then. Ta boss. Not to speak of the new one, but for all the West End one can be very busy, and filled with crowds of entitled wankers, the staff have always been great in my opinion.  Friendly, happy to answer any questions and endure idiots wanting to try three things before they buy a completely different product.  They are generally not as good as clearing the tables and giving the place a wipe down, it's always pretty grotty and I'm sure there is things living down the sides of those couches... Where is this city centre Brewdog? I'm usually not bad at keeping up with these things but didn't know about this one. 

Edit: Merchant City? Yeah, see below - hutcheson street Prices of those "luxury" flats above it must have plummeted! There's a Brewdog in the city center? Where abouts? I'd always assumed the one in the West End was the only one It's relatively new. It's on hutcheson street.  I like the Brewdog next to the Art Galleries, myself. They serve a killer  hoppy IPA, and an amazing falafel sub-thing. Plus, when I couldn't make it to a family birthday dinner, they sent along a message for me. When I went we got some kind of trio meat thing between two which was a half rack of ribs, pulled pork and brisket.  It was amazing, got a side of potato salad and mac & cheese for the carbs.  I love the fact that you can just walk up to the counter and get it immediately. Had something very similar. It was tasty but for the thick end of Â£20 I felt a bit robbed. It was the same for me, thought it was excellent - but too pricey. I've been in loads for the beer, wouldn't eat again unless the menu changes though.

The food at the Kelvingrove one was a bit tight when it first opened too. It'll probably come good. Yeah. The beer menu is great. I really enjoyed their selection. I haven't actually tried the food in the west end - only went for pints. They have normal pub food though, don't they? Burgers and such Burgers / stews / meat & cheese boards etc. I like the location and the size but I think the food is better in the other Brew Dog their burgers are amazing and the chips are deadly! But saying that I had half a pound of pulled pork on Friday and it was awesome!  Same, not keen on the DogHouse food at all, it's like the have went out of their way to exclude any veggies (I'm not one). The Kelvingrove Brewdog has great veggie food. Just looked at the menu and there wasn't anything Veggie besides Mac & Cheese which is a surprise? Don't think I've ever seen a place in Glasgow with such little choice for us. Ah well, think I'll only head in there for beers when I fancy posh beer rather than usual Spoons piss There was a side of veg... covered in meat sauce, which sounds wrong on a few levels. It was vegetable soup basically.  I agree I hate using the word 'hipster' but it's a very big market just now and it's playing into their hands, I am a member of the Brew Dog Equity For Punks but give me a burger and chips over pulled pork and Mac n Cheese any day!  aye. you're right. The smoked meat is great, right, but even if they put it on a roll or served it with chips. Mac and cheese is all very well but it's not chips. This is glasgow at the end of the day! Couldn't agree more! I'm surprised there isn't even some sort of sweet potato wedge on offer!  It's early. No cool looking dogs yet, will update this post when I see some. 

Edit: saw a wee German shepherd puppy today. I was quite pleased, it looked cool. Seriously considering getting a dog, probably get a rescue because the videos always make me cry. Are you going to get a cool looking one or nah  Go for it. Dogs trust wouldn't give us a dog as we're not in all day, but we got our current mutt from the SSPCA and they were brilliant. Do it! Always better to give a dog a better chance at life than to encourage and buy into the whole pointless over-breeding of designer dogs, etc. Greyhounds are awesome. :) An amazing combination of fast and lazy. Great dogs.

Skittish as fuck though. Yeah. I've found one at Dogs Trust that I've fallen in love with.  :)  just make sure it's cool looking Yas Good on you, makes me wonder why people pay fortunes for dogs (in my mates case close to Â£1000 for a pup!), when there are so many dogs desperate for a home in the SSPCA and dogs trust. All the dogs Ive had have come from the SSPCA, and the dearest was Â£100: bargain considering they come chipped, neutered/spayed, with all their jags and flea treatment.

Here she is before  
http://i.imgur.com/AFvhi1V.jpg  
http://i.imgur.com/5461ViK.jpg  

And here she is now :)  
http://i.imgur.com/1rvz0P7.jpg  
http://i.imgur.com/agVRrEz.jpg  
http://i.imgur.com/5MKV5IC.jpg
 Your dog is gorgeous! Aw, those are some cute dogs :) Made my afternoon a wee bit better. I miss having a pet (would get one but me and my flatmate are away too much to make having one viable) What's the application process like? Does it take long to actually get a dog? I lost my wee buddy earlier this year and the place just isn't the same without him running around. Took us a week. Filled out forms, and they wanted proof that we'd have a dogwalker to take him out at lunchtime. Fill in a form about yourself and why you want a dog, experience of dogs, that kind of thing. Have a swatch at the dogs, meet any you like, get a home visit to check your area and gaff is ok, wee bit of paperwork and cash, thats it. I think it took about two weeks to get my current mutt, but Ive had dogs previous so chances are Id get OKd a bit quicker. Still not long though. The SSPCA has stopped adoptions over Christmas to stop the wallopers wanting puppies and kittens for presents. Should be fine though in January.  Im all for that, good on them. Yeah it stops the bams adopting pets on a whim. We are getting a dog but its a long process to make sure our hoose is fit for it. We want a husky so doing a lot of work to the garden first before we get one so he can run around as well as take him for walks.   The office I work in uses IE8, and doesn't have wifi for employees to use.  This means that most websites don't work, and I'm using far too much data on my mobile in order to stay entertained.  New job time me thinks. Definitely. It's only a temp job until the festive season is over, then I'll be looking for something better... with free wifi... and Chrome... and hopefully a casual dresscode because ironing clothes for work is the worst. Agreed on the ironing thing, ugh. I spent most of Sunday afternoon ironing all the shirts I'll need until we break up for Christmas, though. No more ironing until 2016! Sorted. Nice forethought! I tend to only iron on an "as needed" basis. Slight wrinkle? Body heat will sort that out!    
I actually have a bunch of "Collar Bibs" which are essentially just collars to be worn beneath jumpers/sweaters. It looks like I'm wearing a full blouse, and they require very little ironing ;) Genius ! Fire a chrome.exe on a USB.
 USB are locked on the PC's so no luck :( I can't even use the website of the company I'm working for as the browser is out of date! Sounds like we work for the same company! jesus christ, where do you guys work? my maw works for the NHS and they recently got upgraded to IE9. very generous... right? :| Not all of NHS has been upgraded... Who's going to see Star Wars tonight? I am SO FUCKING PUMPED.

The next 11 hours are going to be unbearable. Going to see it Monday, would have liked to have seen it sooner but Imax was booked out to fuck. Looking forward to it.  Good luck dodging the spoilers. I may have to engage a full retreat from Reddit until this is over. 

 Got a bet on with my boyfriend that it's gonna be queued roon the block for hours before, obviously it's all seated but he reckons it's a walk in nae queue effort at 11.45pm, thoughts? I'm at the IMAX. The show starts at 00.05, I'll be rocking up about half 11. Ill be honest, Im fearing another mediocre offering. :( I don't think Disney would allow that for its newest acquisition.  They better not, Ill smash Walt's frozen heid into a million bits with a corpy brick if it is. By all accounts Disney have done what they did with Marvel and thrown everything they can at it and its paid off. Reviews look really, really good.  I'm going to the 00:15 am showing at Cineworld. Can't wait man. Yup! Struggling to not talk about it constantly. Even been listening to the playlists from the Star Wars Spotify.... Read the [BBC review](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-35109900) this morning (no spoilers). Adults turning into children, grown men breaking down in tears. It's going to be phenomenal. Awwww man I'm so excited! That was lovely to read!  What are folks plans over the festive season? I'm off from the 23rd to the 5th and off Thursday/Friday this week.

Planning on plenty of bevy and food. Have the long weekend off, but thatâ€™s it. Damn temp work. So, Christmas day is going to be an orphans Christmas with a fellow antipodean. After reviewing my online grocery order, thereâ€™s more booze than food planned for the day. I am more than fine with this. Got a day or two on the mountains planned, snow permitting.  Knowing Scotland it'll be ruined by ice/wind/visibility and then there are the queues. Ice doesn't spoil the mountains man - get the spikes on! For snowboarding it kinda does, I'm really not into that crazy winter hillwalking stuff but good on you if you are. Xmas with old man
New year with mate at local watering place.  I get about 3 days- down to the in-laws in Manchester on Christmas eve morning, up to my da's in the evening, Christmas dinner with maw's side then back to my brother's in Dumfries for Pissedmas.

Boxing day recovery, back up on the Sunday, back to work on the Monday, but with every 'real job' being on holiday and the students being home that'll mean no town centre deliveries and fewer west end flats, hopefully. I'm away up to Castlebay in Barra over the new year with a bunch of folk. Gonnae get pished in a cottage on a croft. My girlfriend works in the whisky industry and got us a nice 21 year old malt for cheap to crack open. I'm gonna make the steak pie. Really looking forward to it. Sounds like an absolute belter. We've been trying to do something along the lines of that for New Year the past couple of times but it's solid finding a place to fit 20 odd folk. Looking into renting a youth hostel next year. 

 Aye, we've only got about 11 which is a whole lot easier. 4 bed house will sleep us, we'll all take turns being the spare prick on the couch. I had a really crap family holiday up in Castlebay when I was a daft wee guy. Now that I'm supposed to be a grown-up I would probably really enjoy it. It would be great for a Hogmanay alcoholocaust. That sounds absolutely fucking outstanding. Try and catch the vatersay boys when you're there if you fancy a (very) good ceilidh i'm sure we will! we were at the barras on friday there, absolute belter. some guy got leathered for touching a woman's arse, and i got a kebab on the way home. good night! I've missed it the last 2 years man, it's devastating. Been twice, they are unreal!  Fucking Sky cancelled my phone and broadband without me asking then want two weeks to reconnect me. Had the cheek to demand I sign up for a new 12 month contract too.

Get fucked. Can you no get virgin either? :{ Nah, no virgins in The Gorbals.

No cable either. Was an idiot with my money at the weekend so I'm now Â£75 over my overdraft limit which means I'm getting a fiver a day in fines until I get paid. Hurry up Friday! Go on moneysavingexpert and have a gander at their section on how to go about getting the banks to shove their overdraft charges up their arses  Is there any way to get an advance on your pay? Afraid not, I work at a temp for an agency so that's not really a thing. I'll manage, just need to be frugal with Fridays paycheck. I've got a pal that's in banking dealing with ppi, he's under the impression in a few years we'll be claim back these charges(rightly bloody so) but be better if the banks never ripped the cunt and charge you the ridiculous rate of a fiver a day. So maybe in a few years you can call one of these rip  aff companies that will take 30% of your money to claim what's rightly yours Gie them a phone call and tell them to pish aff with their fines. There are websites out there with form letters and stuff to help with this. Anyone know how half my Facebook seems to have gotten some Bieber tickets before they go live to the public? I'm out of the loop, but I'd like to get some for, eh, a mate. o2 Priority? Ah, cheers. Guess I'll have to get them tomorrow then :(  ###Word of the Day###

Stauner. 

A hardon, an erection. 

"The school nurse was checking his balls had dropped and he got a fucking stauner." What a word, whenever I hear it I immediately think of that Chewing the Fat sketch, ["He's got a stauner!"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIQg1ZP3lqE).. hahahaha. you're right, that is a belter of a word of the day.

I'm sure in primary 6 or 7 we went through a phase of calling them "pingers". LOOK, LOOK, JOE'S GOAT A PINGER.  I'm not sure if this was isolated to my school or if it was a common term. Stiffy as well haha In Australia, a "Pinger"is a party drug. I need to witness this difference in vernacular in action. In the middle of a club. In Glasgow. Pinger, where I'm from, is a joint. Looking forward to getting a couple of pingers in me after work today, that's for sure. Haha, I remember using pinger as well now you've mentioned it! Doubt we went to the same school.  Found Â£1.30 at the bottom of my handbag today - best 30 seconds of my life when I realised I could buy a steak bake on the way to work for second breakfast. > Found Â£1.30 at the bottom of someone elses handbag today - best 30 seconds of my life when I realised I could buy a steak bake on the way to work for second breakfast.

FTFY
 Mugged in the street for a quid.

Gutted. Sorry 'bout that. I bet when you found it you did a wee internal "Yyyyyaaaaassssss!!!" I did! Holding that wee hot pocket of steak and pastry in my hands on the way to work was the highlight of my day. Aye when I walked out the door this morning I thought it was about 6.69degrees  Felt a bit closer to 6.68 degrees, but maybe that's just me.  Maybe the wind at your bit was more like 6.72/6.73mph, it was bang on 6.70mph just outside my door unless I am going completely mad  Note to self for tomorrow; teach bot to round off its figures. Also teach it that we heard it about the trains first time around. I'm assuming that temperature will be the average throughout the whole day aye?  I'm pretty sure it is, though I don't have the OpenWeatherMaps API to hand to confirm!  Today is shite already. Shall we pack it in and head to the pub? Alright own up, who picked that awful tune of the day? Back to the gym today after not being able to make it cause of uni. I'm preparing myself for the ego shot I'm gonna need to take on the ol' deadlifts.  Video not available for tune of the day. Fucking amateur robot.  What muppet suggested a tune that's not available? You're not missing much 3 laws compliant though. Working on fixing that too. "I for one welcome our new robot overlords....." [Humans to the rescue](https://youtu.be/ziO7V82HcKU) I can see it in SteamieBot's post, though. Think it's not available on mobile. Right robot, /u/veruus taught me this before your mutiny. 


There's a markdown symbol for headings, fyi.

### I am a heading

    ### I am a heading### OK, I'll a-see you later. You should claim it back, Make the post before the bot does. Fucking man Flu I have never been so buzzing to drink lemsip in all my life. Anyone been watching Fargo? Season 2 is fucking bonkers. Seriously good show. I'm loving it. I was wondering if this series is actually a prequel to series 1? Purely based on the the trooper's daughter Molly. In the first series I think the police officer was Molly whose dad was an ex policeman who now runs a diner. Is this totally stupid? Or is it right and everybody knew it? Amazing show anyway Haha yup that's Molly. They're both called Solverson, and in season one the old diner guy mentions Sioux Falls a few times. Pretty clever way of tying the two seasons together IMO. I'm so pleased! Thanks for confirming, was either going to be right or a numpty! Not yet - I'm waiting for it to hit NetFlix somewhere in the world so I can watch it! I've watched 4 eps so far. I'll binge-watch the other 6 at Christmas probably.

I think S.2 is better than the first.

Also added a French crime drama called 'Braqou' to my Netflix list, it's supposed to be pretty good. Agree, I already like S1 but the second is something else. Wonder if/how they'll resolve this alien angle. Will check out Braqou! Spoiler  It's there from episode 1 m8 Have a look for Braquo, just in case Braqou doesnt show up :-p  cracking programme though. Didn't even know Nelly was still a thing. 

I've already hit that wind down before Christmas mode and am so ready to not be working, woops  Yep, here's a gloriously awkward video of him performing in [kursistan] (https://youtu.be/BzMtXx-44Pg)  just had pancakes and samosas for breakfast, which is really just pancake and deepfried pancake These extra trains cos of the Forth Road Bridge are really screwing up my already messed up 2hr commute to Tweedbank. Fuck sake. 


On another note, staff night out Thursday and Star Wars Friday and Christmas next week so the world isn't so miserable after all!  Tweedbank! Fuck sake! You having to go aw the way via biggar and carluke -> m74 now or just bearing the m8? Neither! Trains all the way,  which are definitely not better given Scotrail can't keep a train running on time ever. 
 Saw a guy walking two wee dogs this morning. I assume they were westies, they were white.

In other news, I need to empty the bins, but that's not particularly important today honestly. Most people I see walking dogs have small dogs now.

I prefer small dogs to big dogs since you can pick them up and carry them about Were either of the dogs cool looking? Not to my tastes. I prefer bigger dogs, though I'm sure the guy walking them thought they were pretty cool. Went to the Imax to see Spectre yesterday. Good big screen and its more immersive in a sense, but christing fuck its way too loud. I'm at the Imax for Star Wars tomorrow night. Can't wait. Spent the day alternating between revision and researching operation husky pup. I say operation because we will need to do some serious work to the garden so a big dog will be able to run about freely with no hassle. 

Probably take about a year but worth it in the end.  Got hyped to check out star wars, realized I have no one to go with. 

fek. Just go on your own? You'll be sitting in a cinema watching the film, not sitting talking during the film to the person beside you. At least I'd hope you won't be. slightly awkward to go on your own, I'd die from anxiety Going to the cinema alone is brilliant! You'll be fine, I used to go to the pictures on my own all the time as it saved faffing about trying to pin folk down.   It's pretty amazing going on your own. No one really cares, besides yourself. I'm one of the most socially anxious people ever and can back this up: nobody cares. The few times I've been by myself I didn't even notice other people who were by themselves unless I was actually looking for them.

Plus smart phones have made the waiting before the film starts so much easier and at least you're not being rude like the people in groups all sitting on their phone ignoring each other! Go on your own, I go by myself all the time and I much prefer it ! nah way too much of a pussy to do that Mate it's Star Wars, nobody there will have pals either. Pure peach. heh [deleted] I assume this was downvoted by the typical reddit autists that are scared of working out. Or the fact it's a double-post.  Nah i like mine better I'm more a fan of my own, sorry. But there's a baby with an obviously soiled nappy on the bus and it's crying so I may simply be too annoyed to know better. Stop complaining and change it then Aye, that'll go down a treat in the middle of a crowded bus! Be a good story for all involved though Aye my phone was playing up earlier, hadn't realised I'd posted it twice. Ma bad.  Is it a rule that all bus drivers have to be arseholes? 

In better news, its my last full week of work this year and I get paid this week. Not a rule, but an occupational requirement. They probably have training camps. First bus drivers are the arseholes. I've never had trouble from Stagecoach, McGill's, or Megabus drivers, but the First cunts... Same, actually.  Some attitude man. Some are really nice tbf Makes January an absolute cunt of a month having to make your pay last 6 weeks Yup you got it. Partner gets paid weekly so should be okay but not nice having to depend on someone else My place moves January's pay forward a week as well, so January and February are both 5 week months. Smart move!  Wow, that's the most sound and completely sensible thing I've heard.  The short February is just as much a disaster as January as you inevitably go bananas on payday.  Or well, I do. :( Yeah. My last place moved December's payday forward to before Christmas, then January is a 6 or even 7 week month, and by the time February comes, you've been so skint for so long that you spooge it all on pointless shit just for the joy of spending money. It takes until April before you've recovered from Christmas.

I like my current way much better. Yeah for this reason we just get paid on the 31st as usual.  It lives!

Get yer song requests into SteamieBot by PM in the form of youtube links and one will be chosen at random tomorrow morning.

Feel free to post your own words of the day / on this day until that feature gets added to the bot.

e.g. "glaikit". stupid, daft, vacant. check the glaikit look on yer face.  I got given a book of "Weegie wan liners" for secret santa this weekend. I feel like it would go down well here. I'm feeling an almost parental pride. Our wee bot, all grown up and posting by itself! It needed a wee hand this morning actually, should be alright the morra tho. What was the issue? I forgot to add the 'random' library, so it was failing at picking a random tune. We didn't run into the issue before because there were no suggestions and it was picking the default. Dammit, I had a good word today as well!  I feel like us regular banter posters have been made redundant by robotic overlords. I was vaguely considering setting up a wee site where people can submit words of the day and things like that to bring back a bit of the human element. What say youse? /u/Veloglasgow Our post should have a 'suggest a tune' and 'suggest a word' options that will PM the bot with a pre-defined subject line.

I'm going to add the 'suggest a tune' bit just now actually. Look out for it tomorrow! Originally, Grand Theft Auto made players the cops, and they chased down bad guys. For multiplayer, Player 1 was the cops, and Player 2 was the escaping criminal. Then they realised that it was way more fun to be the escapee, and changed the whole game around.

I think you'd be doing a similar thing here; adding a tiny feature that turns out to be way more valuable than the intended product. A user-submitted site of Glaswegian/Scottish vernacular, like a weegie UrbanDictionary, would be *awesome*. I'm just going to undermine our robot overlord and keep posting my own Steamie thread earlier and earlier each day! 

 Just woke up and my windows are covered in frost and condensation, so there's no news of any cool looking dogs that may or may not be my maw this morning. :( Trains fucked from Partick to Dumbarton, BRUTAL! FIY: queues in the post offices are becoming ridiculous. I passed the post office earlier and thought I'll come back later, but damn it's even longer now.  Ugh. Last week got up early to go to the post office before work. The website said the one on West Nile Street opened at 8.30. Nope. 9.30. So I wandered along to the one on Sauchiehall Street that opens at 9 thinking I would be first in the queue then I would nip to work and only be a wee bit late. Got into W H Smith at 8.45 and there were already 16 people in the queue. By the time it opened, there were atleast 25. Mental. That WH Smith's must be the fastest post office about but. They've usually got all the counters open. Aye I was out by 9.05, was just shocked at the queue! I feel so sorry for the posties now. It must be terribly busy. 

I am not helping them either, but I get parcels fairly regularly. It makes me feel lazy, but there are some deals you can't beat in other stores.  Part of my job is giving an induction to foreign staff about living in Glasgow and our office. I've recently taken to giving them a can of Irn Bru (as most have never heard of it) at the end of the induction as a right of passage to Glasgow life. Seeing their reaction to taking that first sip is pretty hilarious. You should make it a half of Buckfast. If I could I would, would be hilarious.  Mulled buckfast. Holy fuck I have to try that. Even just for the joy of wandering around Waitrose with a bottle of Partick champagne asking where they keep the mulling spices. 7:47 is a weird time for the bot.

Did the bot used to work in aeronautics? It was supposed to be 5am but it fucked up and we had to post it manually. Off Thursday and Friday this week and only in Mon/Tues and half day Wed next week. Can't wait to finish up for Christmas. Two weeks of food and bevy.  I couldn't sleep last night, so I wrote a poem - about not being able to sleep! On a brighter note, I'm getting out of the Southern this evening. This stay really hasn't been too bad. I dodged out of an MRI (those are terrifying), and all of the nurses have been civil and polite. They gave me C&Cs on my poetry when they did their checks whilst I was writing it, brought me cups of tea, and even turn a blind eye to my vaping (no, I'm no hipster - I just can't smoke tobacco on my meds, and find patches unsatisfying and gum faintly disgusting) in my room. 

On another brighter note - my father has promised to lend me money for the remaining Christmas presents I need to buy! I was worrying, as I don't get any more giro money until the 18th, which would be too late to send things to arrive for Christmas. My earphones officially died this morning on the way in to work, so now I have to sit in the office without music. Not a good start to the week.      
However, I plan to make massive amounts of chocolate fudge, and salted caramel fudge this week so that will be fun(ish).
   Where do you get to work that lets you listen to stuff on your headphones? Used to be able to do when I was a scanning monkey in London and it was the best, got to listen to so many podcasts. I am just your average office drone, stuck behind a desk all day. I have never had a desk job where we weren't allowed to have headphones in. I would much prefer music to office banter. I'm an office monkey too, but it has been decreed that we must be approachable and headphones are a barrier.  I now just get to listen to the wail of a shitty radio and all the other noise that come from an open plan office. Jealous. :-( Oh you poor thing. How does looking approachable even raise office morale though? I'm pretty sure rocking out to your own tunes would make a happier wokrplace, especially in an open plan office! Ah fair, I work in a mailroom in an office so I need my headphones out to listen out for the bell for when delivery drivers come.  Work hard, get that promotion to a desk job and you'll be set ;) Mine is a desk job, just I occasionally have to get up and let couriers in. Otherwise I'm doing data entry / sitting on Reddit aha It is an honour to be the first person SteamieBot replied to. Was an hour late to work because I overslept and I'm still sore as fuck from the weekend. The sooner this week ends the better! I was 40 mins late to work. Partially because I overslept. If the train hadn't been goosed I'd have only been like 15 minutes late. Usual. So lucky that I do a job where it's not big of a deal if I'm late (Just got to stay half an hour late tonight and tomorrow to make up the time). My flatmate works in Fast food and I bet if they were an hour late because they overslept it wouldn't go so well! aye, I usedty work in Tesco so I highly appreciate the fact that nobody really cares if I'm late. I mentioned in my interview for this place that I was gonna show up late like 3 days a week, cause I'd rather have stayed where I was than move somewhere that was going to make a big deal of it. Pretty lucky I guess, but I can see things moving towards semi-flexible working patterns for more sectors eventually. Can confirm, Tesco are fucking cocks about lateness. Was chided at my last review for clocking out a minute early, despite the fact they get a minimum of 45 minutes free out of me every week.

New job hunt will start in the new year. Maybe I'll go do a qualification or something. I'm quite conflicted whenever I hear people saying they use real checkouts because they don't want self-service robots replacing humans. On the one hand that's very compassionate of you, on the other hand... it's not really a fit job for a human is it? Sitting there all day. It's soul destroying actually. I used to struggle to get out of bed. I used to go to bed at night hoping I'd wake up the next morning and my job would have been replaced by the singularity.  

Here. What do you think - we had an ongoing debate in wishae if it was correctly "Cardinal Caird" or "Cairdinal Card" in a Scottish accent. Whose side are you on? (...that was a while ago, you might not get them anymore.) Wishae? You'll know TC then? I'd come down on the side of cardinal caird, but that's a pretty good school term- don't know if there's anyone left who remembers the old chip cards! They moved to Mifare a while back. haha, well it's been two years. Aye I do, and he'll know me as well. Not by this name tho ;P

He was my manager when I started - 17, fresh-faced, and ready to be an arsehole to everyone who it was possible to be an arsehole too. He was one of the good guys though. 

Quite a few times I've thought back to times where he went "you'll look back and think, that cunt was right about that" and thought "aw, cunt, he was right about that", haha. Heh, I know what you mean- he's flying up the ranks. He was my manager, but he's off to a senior team role now. The face fits! Decent bloke though, better at the job than many others I've met.  Checkouts is the worst. Best thing I've done in my time with the company was stock control. Rather liked that, relatively speaking.  https://youtu.be/u6iqzi7N2Ds TIL the guitar riff in Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Dub is originally by Van Halen.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt9UyhTH87A He also did the solo on Beat It. I knew that because a pub quiz question I got once was 'Which Michael Jackson song had a member of Van Halen featuring in it?'. We both heard the Apollo 440 version first, then. Did you think the Van Halen version was waaay too slow? It was a bit disconcerting at first, but the Van Halen song is alright isn't it?  I don't normally like older heavy songs because I feel like the studio quality sounds pish compared to heavy songs today but that was good. 